Translator: FenrirTL

Editor/Quality Checker: Saphartlantis, Mani

Murim Term Consultant: Kopke

========================

< Chapter 209: Cult Leader Has No Intention of Losing That Bet >

The person my father wanted was the Poison King.

At the mention of the Poison King, the expressions of the Demon Supremes hardened slightly as they glanced at each other. Gu Cheonpa let out a sigh, just loud enough for me to hear. It was a sign that this task wouldn’t be easy. 1

Indeed, my father seemed as confident as the Demon Supremes' reactions that the Poison King would never step forward.

"Can you do it?"

"I will try."

The look in my father's eyes as he gazed at me was provocative.

*Can you really accomplish even this? If you do manage this, I will acknowledge you.*

My father's gaze shifted towards the Demon Supremes.

Though his eyes showed no emotion, I sensed a subtle difference in his indifferent gaze.

The way he looked at the Fist Demon King was different from how he looked at the Blood Heaven Blade Demon, and again, different from how he looked at the Evil Smiling Demon.

If only my father knew how much she respected him, it would be so wonderful if he showed even a little warmth in his gaze towards the One-Slash Sword Supreme.

The last place his gaze lingered was on the Great Drunken Demon. Song Sa-hyuk received my father's gaze with a calmness like never before.

After exchanging these wordless interactions with the Demon Supremes, my father turned and walked towards the Heavenly Demon Pavilion.

The Demon Supremes and I bowed our heads to show our respect.

What was my father thinking at that moment? Will there ever be a day when I sit face to face with him and hear him honestly say, ‘I felt this emotion and thought that way back then?’ 2

After my father left, I bowed my head to the Demon Supremes once again.

"Thank you very much."

So Yeonrang spoke with an embarrassed expression.

"There's no need to thank me. I was dragged here by the Great Drunken Demon."

"That alone was a great help."

"What do you mean?"

"If all five of you had pushed too hard, even my father, being human, might have gotten really angry. But thanks to Senior Drunken Demon and Senior Sword Supreme acting as buffers, his mood was softened."

Song Sa-hyuk made a playful remark.

"I'm doomed. I made a fool of myself in front of the Cult Leader!"

At that, the One-Slash Sword Supreme snatched the bottle of alcohol hanging from the Great Drunken Demon's waist and took a big gulp.

"I'm the one who said too many unnecessary things in front of the Cult Leader."

Song Sa-hyuk took back the bottle and drank.

"It's because of this foolish friend of yours."

"Good that you know."

I interjected into their conversation.

"No, it's because of me that you all gathered, so it's my fault."

I bowed my head once more to the Demon Supremes.

"I will repay today's favor for a long time to come. You have no idea how reassuring it is to have the five of you with me. Thank you so much. Since we're gathered here today, I have a few words to say... Ah, wait a moment! I'll keep it short. I'm not someone who talks much. Let's all come together to strategize how to win over the Poison King…" 3

The five Demon Supremes had already left in five different directions without even looking back.

"You're too much!"

Since I couldn’t split myself into five, I leapt to follow one of them. 4

*         *         *

Among the five Demon Supremes, the one I followed was the Blood Heaven Blade Demon.

Though he was pleased that I had chased after him, he put on a show of unnecessary grumpiness.

"Why didn't you go after the Evil Smiling Demon?"

"For me, you've always been the best, Elder."

"Isn't the best for you usually Soma?"

Gu Cheonpa relayed exactly what had happened earlier.

"Earlier, the Evil Smiling Demon staked everything he had. Even the Cult Leader, I, and the Fist Demon King. None of us expected him to go that far."

I hadn’t realized the Evil Smiling Demon had taken such a strong stance. Elder Soma, I truly received your response loud and clear.

"I should have been there."

"That made it even more impressive. He did that even without you being there. You can't do something like that unless you genuinely care."

Old man Blade at this moment was also remarkable. He could have easily felt jealous of my relationship with Soma, but instead, he relayed everything as it was. Praising how great it was, over and over again. How could I not like this person?

"When did you two become so close?"

"I'm not sure myself. We just somehow became friends."

"Friends? With the age difference between you two?"

That's right. I've lived much longer, even longer than you, Elder.

"Isn't there such a thing as a friendship that transcends age?"

"All this talk of such a grand friendship makes me thirsty. Bring me some tea."

I fetched the teapot from the table beside the bed and poured a cup for the Blade Demon. It pained me to see his still frail arm.

"Have you been eating well lately?"

"Why the sudden concern about meals?"

"Your health is the most important thing to me, Elder. Who cares about the Poison King or getting his approval?"

"Pffeh, empty words."

Still, the Blood Heaven Blade Demon seemed pleased, sipping his tea with a faint smile.

"You went to Father first today, didn't you?"

"That's just because I'm impatient. Don't read too much into it."

"I will read into it. You were the first to rush over for me, Elder!"

"Yes, honestly, I was going to brag a bit about being the first, but today, that masked fellow completely outdid me."

It seemed that masked fellow had even moved Gu Cheonpa’s heart today.

"Even so, it seems like all our efforts were in vain."

When he mentioned the Poison King, he sighed. The expressions on the other Demon Supremes suggested they felt the same.

"Is it really that hard to bring that person in?"

"If he had said, 'Just bring all eight Demon Supremes,' it would have actually been easier. We could have handled it by holding a Demon Supremes meeting and politically pressuring them to join. But by specifically pointing out the Poison King and asking to bring him, the Cult Leader effectively prevented that from happening. Your father is quite clever, isn't he?"

"Do you know anything about the Poison King?"

"I have no personal acquaintance with him. From what I see, he's someone with a very firm grip on his own world, has a lot of pride, and is obsessed with poison. That's about all I know."

Old man Blade’s concern wasn't just about those personality traits—it was something deeper.

"Can you still be yourself even in the face of the Poison King's poison?"

*Can I still be myself in the face of the Poison King's poison?*

I understood what he was worried about. There’s a fundamental fear that poison brings. You might die without even getting a proper chance to fight back. That’s why the Poison King, along with that bastard Yasuo, was one of the Demon Supremes that martial artists most dreaded facing.

"No matter how good you are with words or flattery, the question is, can you be as fearless in front of the Poison King who wields poison? He’s the kind of person who could secretly poison you, making you fall ill and die a few years later."

In truth, I could be the most fearless due to my poison immunity. After all, as long as the poison doesn't work on me, he’s the weakest among the eight Demon Supremes, at least to me.

And that’s exactly why I’m worried.

The moment I bruise his pride, bringing him before my father would become an impossible task.

Before my regression, when I returned to the cult to obtain the Heavenly Demon Spirit, the Poison King was already dead, and his successor had taken his place among the Demon Supremes.

I know how he died. And I also know how many people he took down with him when he did.

Gu Cheonpa stared at me intently as I was lost in thought.

"Do you have a plan in mind?"

"I do. I’ll have to somehow learn from you the secret to winning the Poison King over to my side."

"If you use the method I have in mind, you'll end up distancing yourself even from those close to you."

The Blade Demon continued to look at me intently.

"If I had to give you advice, I’d say do what you’re best at."

"What would that be?" 5

"The Cult Leader calls it a cheap sentiment that's perfect for dying."

Hearing that, I burst into laughter. It was surprising that my father and the Blood Heaven Blade Demon had had such a conversation. The fact that he said that to someone else was proof that the relationship between my father and me had taken a step closer.

"Just do what you did with me and the other Demon Supremes."

Face your opponent directly and say what you need to without delay.

I treated people with these two beliefs. Whether they would work on the Poison King, I didn’t know.

"Understood, Elder."

Gu Cheonpa pulled something out from his robe and handed it to me. It was the top-grade detoxifying pearl I had given him as a birthday gift a long time ago.

"Take this too. I’ve cleaned it thoroughly, so don’t say it’s dirty."

I looked down at the detoxifying pearl in silence for a moment. This was the heart of my left wing. Lately, that heart had been shaking my own.

I took out two bottles of detoxifying pearls from my robe and held them to my cheeks.

"I’ll carry these like a squirrel with cheeks full! You keep yours, and if I get into trouble with the Poison King, come save me with it."

"Never! I won’t go near that filthy poison pit in a thousand years."

Knowing he would be the first to rush in, I’ll ensure that such a situation wouldn’t occur.

"Please rest well. I’ll be going now."

"Don’t overdo it. Right now, it might seem like a grand matter with your fate on the line, but… in hindsight, it’s all nothing."

"Yes, I will keep that in mind."

By the time I left the Blood Heaven Blade Demon's dwelling, the sky had already turned dark.

When everyone was watching me, waiting to see which path I would take, the pressure to perform well sometimes weighed heavily on me.

In those moments, there was always someone who came to mind. Forgetting the Poison King, forgetting even my father's approval, I followed the instinctual pull for solace and walked slowly. 6

* * *

Lee Ahn was once again burying her efforts in time today.

The maturity that her blood and sweat had produced could be felt in the old Soaring Sword Art she was performing.

*Swoosh.*

The sword aura split into two in front of her chest. Although her inner strength was still lacking, and she couldn’t divide it further, she had successfully executed the Rain of a Thousand Swords technique.

*Whoosh! Whoosh!*

Two sword auras flew through the air and struck on either side of my face. Her real sword was on the left, and the sword-shaped aura was on the right.

Focused as always on her training, she hadn’t noticed I was there, but now she was sending Rain of a Thousand Swords at me.

"It seems I can now let you go into the Central Plains without worry. You may descend the mountain, Lee Ahn. And try not to kill too many people."

"No, Young Master. I intend to stay right by your side and live comfortably like this for the rest of my life. Ah! Although that comfort is coming to an end now."

"Congratulations."

"You heard, right? Senior Cheong Myeon has finally joined the Haunted Shadee Corps as its First Squadron Leader."

Her voice trembled. Aside from matters concerning me, this was a major event in her life. The successor who was to become the next Evil Smiling Demon had joined the corps of the organization that she leads.

"How do you feel?"

"Nervous."

"The most important thing is to believe in yourself. People can sense it like a ghost. Ah, this person doesn’t have the confidence to lead us. We’re screwed. We're all going to die for nothing."

Lee Ahn sighed.

"I do believe in myself. I’m just worried if my abilities will match up."

"If you can’t trust yourself, then trust your tail." 7

At that, Lee Ahn lifted her head and grinned.

"That, I can definitely trust."

"Discuss with Cheong Myeon and start formally organizing the group. There’s only one principle: create the main sect’s top elite unit. Look at both skills and character. You’re not making a group of slaughterers with just good skills; you're building an elite unit that can be trusted. Fill it with people like Jangho or Investigator Seo. Got it?"

"Yes!"

"From now on, your ability to judge people will be more important than any martial technique. That will be what saves you."

As the leader of a group, Lee Ahn's life was just beginning.

We chatted about various things. Being with her made me feel at ease. The moon, which had looked forlorn when I arrived, now warmly illuminated the world through the window.

When we parted ways, I didn’t forget one last tease. After enduring all those side effects and finally becoming beautiful, she was always training, so I had to say something.

"I thought you were the most beautiful in the world, but maybe not."

For a moment, Lee Ahn tensed at my words.

"You’ve become even prettier than before you were on vacation. If you’re the most beautiful in the world, you shouldn’t be getting any prettier, right?"

Leaving her with a flushed face, I walked out. Lee Ahn, you won’t get any sleep tonight. 8

* * *

The next day, on my way to meet the Poison King, I stopped by the Demon Doctor.

He was unexpectedly idle, with no patients around for once, and gave me a look of surprise.

"Young Master, I’ve been seeing you a lot lately."

"I just feel better when I see you saving people, Doctor."

The Demon Doctor surely knew I had a purpose in coming.

"Who knows when another patient will come crashing in, so go ahead and say what you came for."

"I have something to ask you, Doctor."

"Go ahead."

"Do you have any dealings with the Poison King?"

I pretended not to know, but I was aware that the Demon Doctor was the only person the Poison King interacted with. It was one of the few pieces of information I had about the Poison King.

"One person saves lives, the other kills with poison. They say opposites attract, so I thought maybe the two of you might share some connection."

"Why the Poison King?"

"I have something I want from my father, and he set the condition that I persuade the Poison King to bring him."

The Demon Doctor shook his head.

"In that case, the Cult Leader has no intention of losing that bet."

The Demon Doctor also didn't think the Poison King would be persuaded by me.

"Young Master, I know you're an impressive person. But the Poison King won't be easy."

"Is there anything you can tell me?"

The Demon Doctor hesitated for a moment. He seemed to be weighing how much he should tell me, caught between his friendship with the Poison King and his relationship with me.

"I’ve met many poison experts in my life, but I’ve never seen anyone as genuinely devoted to poison as the Poison King. His pride is equally strong. He believes the only person he can’t kill with his poison is the Cult Leader."

This was also why I couldn't casually reveal that I was immune to all poisons. If I bruised his pride or ego, it would ruin everything.

"Wait a moment."

The Demon Doctor briefly left and returned with a small vial.

"This is the best antidote I have. I can't guarantee it will neutralize all of the Poison King's poisons, but it should help."

I handed the antidote back to him.

"Please use this where it’s truly needed."

"Why is that?"

"If the Poison King were to poison me, it would only be in a situation where he’s putting his life on the line and planning a rebellion. If it ever reached that point, he would use a poison that no antidote could counter."

"You're right."

The Demon Doctor nodded.

"I’ll see you again."

I sought out the Demon Doctor because I believed he would be the most helpful person in persuading the Poison King.

'There will come a time when you’ll help me. And that matter will not only be mine but also for you, Doctor.'

As I stood up to leave, the Demon Doctor spoke one last time.

"Do you know what the Poison King's dream is? It’s to compile every poison in the world into a book. Even now, he’s silently researching poisons alone. The key will be to get him out of his lab. He’s someone who has no interest in the outside world."

Even to the only person he interacted with amably, the Poison King had lied. His dream was not to compile all the world’s poisons.

He was someone who dreamt of becoming the Supreme Poison Sovereign of the world, bringing the martial world to its knees with his poisons. 9

Leaving the medical hall, I headed southwest of the sect. That was where the Thousand Poisons Forest, home of the Poison King, was located.

1 : At least you don’t have to worry about his poison, it removes a lot of his intimidation factor ^ ^

2 : Maybe. At least you’re working hard towards that goal.

3 : Hahahaha, he realized his mistake immediately, but it was too late XDXDXD

4 : “Since I couldn’t split myself into five”.... yet ^ ^

5 : “Being a madman with a honeyed tongue, talented at catching fish.”

6 : His brightest star, his sun, his moon, all good things bloom in her kind heart….

7 : Can you imagine the face of someone unrelated who hear the Second Young Master of the Demonic Cult saying such things ? XDXDXD

8 : Teasing her is always nice, but making her wait for you to kill Hwa Moogi is a bit cruel ^ ^

9 : Ambitious. Depending on his interactions and opportunities, he could become a threat to the world too…