Translator: FenrirTL

Editor/Quality Checker: Saphartlantis

Murim Term Consultant: Kopke

========================

Chapter 215: Begin Participation

The Evil Smiling Demon was sitting alone in the white room, staring at the wall, as he did every day.

After he revealed to me that the white wall aided his martial arts training, my worries about him possibly losing his sanity vanished.

My first words upon entering his room were straightforward.

“Soma-nim, let's go fight.”

The eyes behind Soma's mask sparkled with joy at the news that I had gained permission. The Evil Smiling Demon had gone so far as to use the Undying Ghost Mask and put his life at risk with father just to help me.

“Alright.”

Soma readily agreed, showing no fear even though he knew our opponent was Yaryuhan. He was simply happy to be fighting alongside me.

“Not just Yaryuhan, but we will also take care of his four attendants.”

The eyes of the Evil Smiling Demon, visible through the mask's eye holes, smiled. The stronger the opponent, the happier he seemed, but it wasn't that he was arrogant or underestimated his enemies.

“Yaryuhan is a formidable opponent. This battle could be even tougher than those we've faced before.”

Soma wasn’t careless. He knew the dangers of this mission better than anyone, which made me even more grateful for his willingness to join despite knowing what it entailed.

“The key is to eliminate them without leaving evidence that we were the ones responsible.”

“Young Master is smart; I'm sure you'll figure out a way.”

“I need your help, Soma-nim.”

“All I do is kill.” 1

Though he spoke casually, I could sense the depth in his eyes. He couldn’t help but reflect deeply on his opponent. He spoke to me in a calm tone.

“There are times when I forget who I am in the heat of battle. That's when it's the most dangerous. But the Young Master I know is someone who understands himself better than anyone else. That’s why I don’t worry.”

“I’m not worried because you’re with me, Soma-min.”

We exchanged smiles, treating each other with sincerity and gratitude for each other's goodwill.

I felt like joking around with him, teasing him a bit.

But I held back. Mistakes tend to happen in moments like this. Respect is something that needs to be maintained, especially the closer you are, the harder it is to keep it. Thus, I treated him with deeper respect than ever before.

“Oh, and there's another Demon Supreme joining us for this mission.”

“Who is it?”

“By my father’s order, the Poison King will be accompanying us.”

At the mention of the Poison King, the Evil Smiling Demon gave a slightly uneasy look.

“I don’t have a personal connection with him.”

Why would there be? Both Poison King and Evil Smiling Demon preferred to stay at home when I didn’t interact with them.

“In the process of preparing for this task, I got to know the Poison King a little better. I think he’s a decent person.”

Soma still seemed uncomfortable. His liking for me was one thing, but his relationship with the other Demon Supremes was another matter entirely.

He walked to the other side of the room and stood in front of the line he had drawn on the wall.

“He’s probably somewhere around here,” the Evil Smiling Demon said, pointing to the start of the line.

“Well, at least he’s on the line,” I said, and Soma chuckled. Accepting the inevitable, he resigned himself to the situation.

“Let’s just hope his poison doesn’t accidentally kill us.”

Even I couldn’t quite picture the two of them working together. Pairing up Demon Supremes was no easy feat. Which combination of two would get along the best? 2

“When will you be ready to depart?”

“I’m ready anytime.”

“Then let’s leave tomorrow morning.”

“Sounds good.”

As I was about to leave, I turned back to Soma.

“This mission is only possible all thanks to you, Soma-nim. I appreciate it once again.”

“If we don’t make it back alive, it won’t be gratitude but rather blame. Save your thanks for when the job is done.” 3

After finishing his sentence, Soma returned his gaze to the wall.

I stood there for a moment, staring at the same white wall, before bidding him farewell and leaving the room.

As I walked through the Valley of Wicked, I noticed the Faceless Swordsmen looking at me with more favor than before. Some even bowed, saying they enjoyed the performance earlier. Ever since barking at the Grand Martial Arena, my popularity had risen. They truly enjoyed odd antics. 4

*         *         *

After leaving the Valley of Wicked, I went straight to the Thousand Poisons Forest.

The Poison King was busy packing his things. I came to inform him of the early morning departure, but it seemed he already anticipated it and was bustling around, gathering various items.

“How did you know we’ll be leaving tomorrow morning?”

“It’s obvious. After all that ruckus to secure this opportunity, of course, we’d depart right away.”

“As expected, you’re very astute.”

“If I were truly astute, would I have ended up in this predicament?”

For him, the real crisis wasn’t facing Yaryuhan. Leaving the Thousand Poisons Forest was the true challenge.

The Poison King packed various poisons into a bag he could sling over his shoulder. He took vials, bottles, and jars of poisons, filling his bag with a wide assortment.

“Is it necessary to bring so many poisons?”

Even with just the poisons he carried on his person, the Poison King could probably kill an overwhelming number of martial artists. Yet, he packed an abundance of backup poisons, perhaps too many.

“You never know what might happen.”

Though he was reluctant to leave, the Poison King was meticulously prepared. It was just his nature. Without this thorough and meticulous personality, he wouldn't have been able to create so many poisons and antidotes.

The Poison King donned a thin robe over his waist pouch to conceal it. The inside of the robe was also lined with multiple pockets, each filled with various poisons.

“I’ll be carrying a satchel, so if you could pack some for me, I’ll have more on hand.”

“Are you planning to wipe out the Unorthodox Alliance? Nevermind. In any case there’s no need to carry more since you look more than ready for that already.”

Ignoring my comment, he continued packing. This time, he strapped on a leather belt fitted with about twenty poisoned daggers.

“Do you throw daggers too?”

“I’m sure I throw better than you.”

While I highly doubted that, I was surprised to see the Poison King using daggers.

He also packed a fan.

This was his signature weapon, known as the "Fan of Unending Tourment", which he used during poison attacks. Spreading poison to kill everyone in a room isn’t difficult. But targeting just one individual among dozens with poison—that's the challenge.

One had to be wary when the Poison King gently waved his Fan of Unending Tourment. No one knew where the wind of doom might blow.

His successor would later describe his master, the current Poison King, in this way:

He was the greatest master of poison arts within three hundred years.

“Let me make this clear—I’m not killing Yaryuhan. I’m just tagging along to watch!”

“If you’re just going to watch, why bring so many poisons?”

“So I can enjoy watching in peace.”

This was his personality: both meticulous and prone to anxiety. 5

“How long will it take?”

“I’m not sure. We’ll try to resolve it as quickly as possible, but we won’t know the situation until we’re there.”

“Let’s handle this quickly and return. You got that?”

“It’ll be faster if you help.”

“If nothing else, I’m dealing with that bastard Jindok Geosa.”

Poison King seemed irritated about this particular affair.

“If you’re going to sell medicine, make it properly first. That’s why we get such a bad reputation. It’s also why the Cult Leader dislikes me.”

“But, Poison King, you must not leave any trace of using your poison arts.”

“Do you think I plan to leave corpses behind as trophies?”

He meant that even the corpses would be dissolved without a trace.

If the Poison King dealt with Jindok Geosa, I wouldn’t need to reveal my own immunity to all poisons.

“I’ll see you tomorrow morning, then.”

I left the Thousand Poisons Forest, leaving the Poison King busy packing even more poisons.

As Sangseon led me out of the Thousand Poisons Forest, he spoke to me.

“Please take good care of the Poison King.”

I knew well how much Sangseon cared for and worried about the Poison King. It had been a long time since his last trip outside the sect, so Sangseon must have been particularly concerned.

“I think that’s a request I should make to the Poison King, but yes. I’ll look after him and bring him back safely.”

“This will be my last time guiding you. From now on, you’ll have to come by yourself.”

Sangseon, who usually guided me along different and confusing paths, took me out through the easiest and best route today.

*         *         *

After leaving the Thousand Poisons Forest, I went straight to the medical ward.

Finally, I could tell the Demon Doctor what I had been waiting to say.

“I’m leaving tomorrow to kill Yaryuhan.”

The Demon Doctor was stunned, swaying on his feet in shock. I quickly extended my internal energy to support him. I sat him down and brought him some water.

With a trembling voice, he asked, “How did you know it was him?”

Though he had asked me to kill someone, he hadn’t mentioned the name yet.

I stayed silent, and after a moment, the Demon Doctor exclaimed, “Ah!” He must have guessed that I heard it from my father, whom he had previously asked for help with this matter but had been refused.

“Did the Cult Leader give his permission?”

“Yes. The six Demon Supremes helped me for this mission. I visited the Poison King earlier to gain permission for this as well.”

“Why didn’t you tell me?”

“I wanted to inform you after I secured permission.”

A surge of emotion washed over the Demon Doctor’s face.

“I have lived only for this day.”

He had lost his family before his eyes and had survived alone, haunted by the agony of his past. Driven by the dream of revenge, he had spent his life treating patients as if punishing himself. He must have never had a peaceful night’s sleep, and even when eating good food, it likely never tasted good to him.

I had never had children, so I couldn’t even begin to imagine the depth of sorrow and resentment that would consume me if I were to witness my child being murdered before my eyes. 6

“I could come back and tell you the results after I’ve killed him, but I’m telling you now because I know how important this is to you. I want you to know from the beginning. I want you to be part of this from the very start.”

The Demon Doctor would be filled with anxiety, fear, and tension until the day I returned. He would not be able to sleep. Still, I believed that informing him was the right thing to do for his sake. 7

The Demon Doctor recalled that day—the one he so desperately wanted to forget, yet could never erase from his memory.

“It was when I was young. I was treating a critically ill patient when Yaryuhan barged in. He demanded that I treat the person he brought immediately. I refused. I told him that if I stopped the treatment, this patient would die. Even with a blade to my throat, I stood by my principles as a doctor. And that day, I saved both of them. I saved the patient I was treating and the person he brought.”

“But then why—?”

“He said that he never lets anyone who disobeys his orders live. It was his own principle, one he said he would always uphold. Since I saved his subordinate’s life, he would spare mine. But in return…” 8

Tears streamed down Demon Doctor’s face.

“I regret it. I should have just done what he asked. I regret it dozens, hundreds of times a day. If only I could go back to that day… I would follow his orders. Even if the patient I was treating died, I would follow his orders.” 9

I didn’t say anything. I knew there were no words that could console him.

He led me to his sleeping quarters within the medical ward. The room was so small and humble that it was hard to believe it belonged to the Demon Doctor. It contained only a hard bed, a small desk, and a single chair. A few books on the desk and an old oil lamp seemed to represent his entire life.

There was a hidden door in that room. He opened the small concealed door in the wall and we stepped inside.

Inside the hidden space was a recreation of Demon Doctor’s old home.

The place where his wife used to cook, where his son used to play, and the room where the three of them used to sleep were all meticulously recreated. 10

He was still there, on that day. He had never truly left that moment.

“My little boy always wanted to play with me. But I was always busy. Busy saving patients, busy going to gather herbs. I kept putting it off again and again. But still, my boy never hated me. That little child would say to me, ‘When you’re not busy, you’ll play with me, right? You’re working so hard for us, right?’ The way he looked at me that day—I still can’t forget those eyes. My wife would always tell me, ‘Don’t overdo it. Take care of your own health first.’ I couldn’t even save my own son or my wife. What kind of doctor does that make me?”

Finally, the tears that the Demon Doctor had been holding back flowed freely down his face. He tried hard to hold them back, but the more he tried, the more they spilled out. It was the first time I had ever seen him cry.

I stepped forward and embraced him. I held him tightly, gently patting his frail back. He squeezed his eyes shut and cried silently. It wasn’t the Second Young Master of the Cult who was holding him—it was me, from before the regression, someone who had lived through many more years, comforting my struggling and lonely younger brother. "Demon Doctor, it's time to stop suffering. I’ll put an end to this for you." 11

After a while, the Demon Doctor managed to calm down.

Our gazes met in the empty space between us. His face looked somewhat relieved. He had borne this pain alone for so long.

“...I’m sorry. I’ve made you take on this dangerous task for the sake of my revenge.”

I spoke to him firmly.

“I will definitely kill him and come back.”

This would be the last time I saw his tear-streaked face. 12

“He has probably forgotten that I even exist.”

That fact would drive him to madness with anger.

“I’ll make sure he remembers.”

Though I usually place no significance on the death of an evil person, this time was an exception.

“And so, I will whisper into the dying man’s ear: This death is the Demon Doctor’s response to your ridiculous principles.”

1 : All you need is kill…. Gotta say, I preferred the movie adaptation, Edge of Tomorrow, to the manga. At least the movie has a happy ending.

2 : Lol, Mugeuk already understood how to pair party members for synergy and combos XDXDXD

3 : *Bro move : Thumbs up*

4 : Who doesn’t like someone willing to endure public humiliation to help a friend fulfilling his bet ?

5 : Like an extremely dangerous hamster XDXDXD

6 : F. Plus Mugeuk will never allow anything/anyone to harm his wife and children when (^ ^) he will have them, so he will never fully understand.

7 : Yes, although he will be tense, the catharsis will be much stronger than letting him know after the deed is done.

8 : Calling him an asshole or an evil bastard just feels insufficient when faced with such cruelty.

9 : *Silently pats him in the back*

10 : Both a memorial and self torture.

11 : Although he might not have suffered as much as the Demon Doctor, his previous life was filled with pain too.

12 : Don’t be so quick to promise yourself that, he might very well cry from joy and relief when you come back. With that said, it wouldn’t be the same pain, so it wouldn’t be the same face.