Translator: FenrirTL

Editor/Quality Checker: Saphartlantis, Mani

Murim Term Consultant: Kopke

========================

Chapter 222: Why Do I Feel Bad When I See You?

The basement was set up like a prison.

The prisoners were each locked up in solitary cells. Geom Mugeuk was assigned to the cell opposite the Poison King since they had been together.

"You've seen what happens to those who cause trouble."

After this warning, the guards left the area.

Thankfully, there was a small palm-sized window in the iron doors that allowed the prisoners to see each other’s faces and talk.

"Damn it! I just got out of one prison only to end up in another!"

"This place is even filthier than where we were before."

"I overheard the guards talking once. They take prisoners from here and send them to places for secret experiments." 1

"Damn it! At this rate, we're just going to die like dogs!"

"We have to find a way out of here, no matter what!"

The prisoners cursed and complained one by one.

Geom Mugeuk sent a telepathic message to the Poison King, whose face was visible through the opposite window.

-Have you ever been locked up in a prison before?

-Never.

-My apologies for making you go through this ordeal.

-It's fine. When else would I get to experience something like this? Don’t worry about me.

The Poison King really spoke as if it didn’t matter to him. He seemed like the kind of person who would truly despise being in such a situation, but his calm expression suggested that he might handle this ordeal better than any Demon Supreme. 2

-I noticed earlier that the third-rate poison master’s skill with poison was quite something.

For the first time, he praised Jindok Geosa. There was likely something that only the Poison King's eyes could see.

-Despite everything, he is the top poison master in the Unorthodox Alliance, after all.

-That’s why I’m even more angry. With skills like that, he should have made proper medicine.

About two hours passed, and then the meal arrived.

The food was served like a feast for those on death row.

Everyone started eating greedily. They had been deliberately starved on the way, and even if their bellies were full, the food was so delicious that they couldn’t help but keep eating. The reason for providing such good food was simple.

-The food is laced with Berserk. 3

-Are they already feeding us Berserk?

-Not just Berserk. They’ve put in this drug and that drug—everything.

-Starting right away like this must mean that Yaryuhan or Aechak ordered them to hurry things along.

You could tell just by the fact that they brought prisoners from a twenty-day journey in just ten days.

-Actually, this works in our favor. It means we can get out of this stuffy place sooner.

-If you take the medicine I gave you earlier, Berserk will be neutralized immediately.

-Understood.

Of course, even without eating, Geom Mugeuk couldn't be poisoned in the first place. If even the Formless Poison didn't work on him, there was no way these miscellaneous drugs would.

He ate only the food provided in that place, as if being fattened up. 4

Those who had been complaining before their first meal now subtly looked forward to the next one. The food and wine were of the highest quality, the kind you'd find only in top-notch inns. Having been fed garbage in their previous prisons, they devoured and drank like they had lost their minds.

-Are you sure the plan is solid?

-Didn't you say you'd leave everything to me?

-You just seem too relaxed. Practicing martial arts in here? Seriously ?

Whenever I had a moment, I would sit cross-legged in the center of the prison and practice the Heavenly Demon Body Protection Technique.

Opportunities to be left undisturbed all day like this were very rare with all my responsibilities and goals. Since the Heavenly Demon Body Protection Technique hadn't yet reached its full potential, I took the chance to focus on training whenever I could.

The Poison King seemed curious about my actions.

-What martial art are you practicing?

I couldn't be completely honest about practicing the Heavenly Demon Body Protection Technique. 5

-I'm training in a mental cultivation technique.

-Why are you working so hard at it?

-Because I believe that becoming stronger will make me freer.

-Aren't you strong enough already?

-Not enough to enjoy the freedom I seek.

-What kind of freedom do you want?

After a brief pause, I told him.

-The freedom to stop walking wherever I wish.

The Poison King was silent for a moment, perhaps surprised by my answer. It sounded like something anyone could do, but he knew well that it was something few could easily achieve.

-The path you're on... it's a path where you can't stop walking whenever you want.

-That's why I'm working on it. I want to be able to stop walking and look up at the sky whenever I feel like it.6

There were people close to me with whom I shared life's ups and downs, but precisely because of that, I wanted a life where we didn’t bind each other. That was the freedom Geom Mugeuk desired.

The Poison King silently watched Geom Mugeuk.

This time, Geom Mugeuk asked.

-Do you have a dream, Poison King?

What dream did the Poison King hold at this moment?

-Who dreams at my age?

The Poison King withdrew from the small window, seemingly unwilling to answer.

‘Poison King, if you hadn't met me, maybe you'd still be lost. But now that we’ve met, you won't live your old fate anymore.’

That's why Geom Mugeuk had asked for the word ‘Poison Sovereign’ to be engraved on his gloves.

To keep his dream from becoming a dark desire, so that he could truly consider what it means to be sovereign in the light.

Geom Mugeuk sat back down and peacefully resumed his training in the Heavenly Demon Body Protection Technique.

*         *         *

“Please, enjoy your meal!”

Seo Daeryong entered the Evil Smiling Demon’s room. On the tray in his hands were several neatly prepared dishes, some bought and some he had made himself.

Had he ever felt this nervous since the day he was born? He hadn't been this anxious even when he fought in the finals of the Soaring Dragon Tournament.

“Thank you.”

It was a low but gentle voice. Geom Mugeuk’s favor seemed to extend even to Seo Daeryong.

“If you need anything, please let me know!”

Seo Daeryong bowed deeply, almost folding in half.

Then, Soma spoke.

“You don't need to show such excessive courtesy. You, too, will become a Demon Supreme someday.”

The mention of ‘Demon Supreme’ made Seo Daeryong’s heart race again. Could he truly become a Demon Supreme, on par with this terrifying Evil Smiling Demon? Could he really achieve that?

Just as he was about to leave, Seo Daeryong was overwhelmed by a surge of emotion that he couldn't suppress and began to speak.

“I don't know if I'm worthy of that.”

In that moment, his rational mind screamed at him.

Hey, what are you doing? Shut your mouth!

His head frantically tried to stop him, but his mouth, now allied with his heart, was already spilling words.

“I became Master’s disciple by chance, but I don’t know if it was because of my own ability or because of the Pavilion Leader. I’m not sure if this is the right fate, or if I’m just going to get torn apart because I’m flailing around like this. Can someone like me really become a Demon Supreme? Can I truly become like you, Soma?”

As soon as he finished speaking, Seo Daeryong felt as if he was soaring through the air. What on earth have I just done? 7

‘Ah! You finally did it. Out of all the people in the world, why did you have to vent your frustrations to the Evil Smiling Demon? Asking if you can become like him? And even saying his name? Is that a challenge?’

Seo Daeryong quickly bent over in a deep bow.

“I apologize. I think I lost my mind for a moment.”

As he hastily turned to leave, Soma spoke.

“Young Master seems to care about you a lot.”

Seo Daeryong flinched and looked back at him.

The Evil Smiling Demon’s eyes, deep within their sockets, were staring right at him.

“Yes, I know!”

After saying that, Seo Daeryong instantly regretted it.

‘Saying I know? Know what? I should have said, ‘Thank you for telling me.’’

He was so nervous that his words were becoming jumbled.

“What I meant was, just now, I...”

Then Soma spoke.

“I know, too.”

It sounded as if he was saying that he understood exactly how Seo Daeryong felt at that moment.

Soma's eyes met Seo Daeryong’s. Those eyes were smiling. It was the first time Seo Daeryong had ever seen the Evil Smiling Demon smile, and seeing those smiling eyes filled him with fear.

“I made a lot of mistakes today. I’m truly sorry.”

The Evil Smiling Demon spoke calmly.

“If there were no mistakes in front of me, wouldn't that be the real mistake?”

After leaving the room, Seo Daeryong let out a sigh. He couldn’t even remember what had just happened. Did I remember to say goodbye? It all felt like a dream. To have such a long conversation alone with the scariest person in the world, the Evil Smiling Demon! He was both moved and terrified.

‘Pavilion Leader! Please come back soon! Your cherished right-hand man is about to get into trouble!’ 8

* * *

Three days after being locked in the prison.

One of the prisoners began showing symptoms.

“Aaaaaargh!”

He screamed and pounded on the door, but it didn’t break—it wasn’t an ordinary iron door. His face could be seen through the small window. Blood was streaming from his eyes and nose. He had lost his sanity and was rampaging wildly.

The prisoners didn't know they had been brought here because of Berserk; they simply thought the man was going mad from the oppressive confinement.

“You crazy bastard! Stop it!”

“Shut up! Do you want to die?”

But the man only became more frantic.

Seeing this, the Poison King grew angry.

-So that third-rate poison master actually sold this kind of drug for money?

Soon after, Jindok Geosa arrived and watched the frenzied man through the small window. The man charged and slammed his face against the opening. His murderous intent was raging.

Bang! Bang!

He smashed his head repeatedly against the iron door.

Blood streamed from his eyes, nose, and forehead, creating a gruesome sight, but Jindok Geosa’s gaze remained cold as he watched.

Eventually, the prisoner bashed his head until it broke and collapsed, dead on the spot.

The attendants, clearly experienced with such incidents, skillfully removed the corpse.

Jindok Geosa inspected the other cells as well, checking on the prisoners one by one.

He glanced into the cell where Geom Mugeuk was. Geom Mugeuk sat leaning against the wall with his head bowed, showing no particular reaction.

Next, Jindok Geosa looked into the Poison King's cell.

The Poison King was sitting in the middle of his cell and briefly glanced toward the window.

The moment their eyes met, Jindok Geosa sensed something different from the other prisoners.

‘Are you mocking me?’

No, it couldn’t be, but he didn’t like the look in those eyes.

The Poison King lowered his head and looked down, and Jindok Geosa moved on to the next cell.

As Jindok Geosa was turning to leave after checking all the cells, he glanced back into the Poison King’s cell one more time. This time, the Poison King was sitting with his back turned, lost in thought.

Jindok Geosa watched him briefly before exiting with his attendants. As soon as they left, Geom Mugeuk sent a telepathic message to the Poison King.

-How did it go?

-What do you think? Of course, it was a success.

-As expected! You’re incredible.

In that brief encounter, the Poison King had managed to infect Jindok Geosa with Berserk. Later, when the Unorthodox Alliance conducted an autopsy, they needed to discover that Jindok Geosa was poisoned with Berserk. It was one of the main reasons for their infiltration.

-Poisoning the greatest poison master of the Unorthodox Alliance while looking him straight in the eye! Who in the martial world could ever pull that off? You are truly the Poison Sovereign!

-I only used a minuscule amount that won’t show any symptoms yet. I’ll increase the dosage gradually.

The Poison King spoke modestly, but his expression conveyed, ‘I know, I’m amazing’.

Sensing the desire to boast further, Geom Mugeuk added more praise.

-And to do it from inside a prison cell, targeting someone outside! When I return, I’ll tell everyone! I’ll make sure my father hears about your amazing skills. His mastery of poison is an art, Father!

-You don’t have to tell the Cult Leader about it, too.

Hearing that Geom Mugeuk would tell his father, the Poison King seemed embarrassed but also secretly pleased.

Perhaps because of that, the Poison King appeared even more confident and proud.

-I’ll poison him a little more each time he comes down here.

Jindok Geosa thought he was conducting experiments on the prisoners, but the true test subject was himself. 9

* * *

When the second and third victims emerged in quick succession, the prisoners rapidly realized that something had been added to their food.

Finally, the prisoners stopped eating.

Jindok Geosa appeared once again. He walked slowly down the prison corridor and spoke.

“I heard some of you aren’t eating?”

Earlier, they had cursed and vowed to tear him apart if he ever came down, but now that he was here, no one dared to make a move. The horrifying sight of blood dissolving into pools of red liquid was seared into their minds, paralyzing them with fear.

“If you leave any food behind, you’ll die from my poison. Even if you beg me to kill you, I won’t show any mercy.”

After wielding his merciless whip, he tossed them a rotten carrot as well.

“If you survive here, I won’t send you back to the prison; I’ll just let you go. Maybe one or two of you will make it.”

No one was stupid enough to believe him.

But his words certainly had an effect. In the despair of watching people die one by one, even this rotten carrot became their only solace. 10

At that moment, Jindok Geosa stopped in front of the Poison King’s cell. Peering inside through the small window, he spoke to his attendant.

“Open this door.”

The attendant opened the iron door to the Poison King’s cell.

“Come out.”

The Poison King stepped out of the cell. This was an unexpected situation for both Geom Mugeuk and the Poison King.

Jindok Geosa looked at the Poison King and spoke.

“Why do I feel so bad when I see you?”

He, too, was an absolute master of the Unorthodox Alliance. It seemed he sensed some ominous fate when facing the Poison King.

Jindok Geosa lifted the Poison King's chin unpleasantly with his finger.

“There’s something about your eyes that I just don’t like.”

Even now, the Poison King showed no sign of fear.

Sending a telepathic message saying, ‘Poison King, show a fearful expression!’ wouldn’t change the fact that it was a face he’d never made in his life. Especially not in a situation where Jindok Geosa was already thoroughly displeased.

Jindok Geosa slowly raised his hand, ready to slap him. The Poison King’s lips moved slightly. Don’t do it, unless you want to die. It was a moment on the verge of explosion!

Geom Mugeuk shouted through the small window.

“You two are alike, that’s why.”

Both the Poison King and Jindok Geosa turned to look at Geom Mugeuk. One with words, the other with a furious expression, they responded.

“What? You think we look alike?”

1 : With a bit of luck you might become the first successful Valkyrie test subject and go on to become the most famous Beyond Grade A in history… (The Legendary Mechanic)

2 : Then again, he handles much more smellier and uglier substances every day. Plus he never leaves his room, so a prison….

3 : That’s why you must never eat food in detention/internment. Reject humanity, become a ghost !!! (Do not try at home)

4 : And now the witch is gonna palpate your finger to see if you are fat enough for the oven….. (I hope everyone recognized Hansel and Gretel)

5 : Yeah, since it’s supposed to be taught to those confirmed to be the next Heavenly Demon.

6 : His intent represents this mental state well. He’s both freer than anyone, untied by the common sense of others and his narrow worldview from the past, while also burdened by his great mission who tries to drag him under the surface.

7 : You applied the precepts of your leader ^ ^ Always say what burdens your heart bear (there are two bears in your heart, one wants honey, the other wants carnage)

8 : Be strong !!! Right Hand man !!!

9 : Pleasant karma ^ ^

10 : People will prefer to drink a poison that has 50 % chances of killing them rather than being killed 100 % by a gun loaded with real bullets.