Translator: FenrirTL

Editor/Quality Checker: Saphartlantis

Murim Term Consultant: Kopke

========================




Chapter 241: Stop Getting Stronger!

Yeo Jeong was deeply moved.

Soma wasn’t angry; instead, he had spoken words she had longed to hear.

"Yes, I really want to see your room, brother."

She fought back the tears that threatened to spill. As the owner of the Sky Flower Pavilion, she had endured all sorts of hardships but had never cried. Yet, with just those words from the Evil Smiling Demon, she felt the tears welling up.

She felt that the relationship she had built with Soma and her affection for him were culminating in this moment.

They had never once spoken about love, but just moments ago, his words sounded to her like a confession of love. Though all he said was that he would show her his room.

The Sky Flower Pavilion Mistress spoke to Geom Mugeuk.

"Thank you, Young Master."

While waiting for the Evil Smiling Demon to awaken, she had heard from Seo Daeryong that Geom Mugeuk had carried him on his back and traveled a long distance while exhausted. He even gave up the Millennium Snow Ginseng, a treasure desired by all martial artists.

"I just carried him and ran, nothing more. If anyone deserves thanks, it should be the Demon Doctor."

Yeo Jeong also expressed her gratitude to the Demon Doctor.

"Thank you, Divine Doctor."

"It's nothing, madam. As a Demon Supreme, he is so robust that nothing serious happened, so there’s truly no need to thank me. I’ll send the medicine to Valley of Wicked, so you both can leave now."

With that, the Evil Smiling Demon and the Sky Flower Pavilion Mistress left the clinic first.

As the Demon Doctor watched them leave, he thought of his wife. He reminisced, remembering when they had been like that.

And surprisingly, despite recalling his wife, he felt a newfound sense of peace instead of his old pain..

The Demon Doctor spoke to Geom Mugeuk.

"There was a time I wondered if I would feel emptiness after my revenge."

"Do you feel empty?"

The Demon Doctor firmly shook his head.

"Not at all. I feel so at peace, almost to the point where it feels unreal."

"You can take even more satisfaction in it."

"Could you spare me a moment? There’s something I’d like to show you."

The Demon Doctor led Geom Mugeuk into his dwelling. Passing through a secret door, he guided him to a place he had shown him before.

It was a replica of the house he once lived in, but now it was different.

He had placed bookshelves all around, creating a study where he could comfortably sit and read. He was in the process of transforming, embracing a new life. 1

"Oh, the atmosphere is nice. Elder Blade Demon also loves books."

"I know. We often discuss books together."

Gu Cheonpa was the only person the Demon Doctor could call a friend.

At that moment, Geom Mugeuk noticed some wood placed in the corner.

"What’s that?"

Alongside the wood, there were tools for carving and sculpting.

"My father was a carpenter. When I think of him, the image that comes to mind is him carving wood in the yard. I’m thinking of taking it up as a hobby myself."

The Demon Doctor sighed lightly and added, "There’s no worse son than I am. Now that I’m at peace, I finally think of my father." 2

"Your father probably felt the same way."

The two exchanged pleasant smiles.

Geom Mugeuk felt grateful. He was thankful for the effort to change, and most of all, for showing him this transformed side.

‘Because of you, I’m finding happiness like this.’

That was what the Demon Doctor was saying to him. Yes, this is how it should be said. Because when said like this, I can finally understand. Without words, I wouldn’t have known.

Thank you, Demon Doctor.

Thank you for making me feel that risking my life was worth it.

And I wish you happiness.

*         *         *

For the first time in her life, the Sky Flower Pavilion Mistress was walking through the inner grounds of the Divine Cult.

The demons they encountered bowed their heads respectfully to the Evil Smiling Demon.

These demons had fearsome appearances. The terrifying beings who looked like they could overthrow the entire martial world upon stepping outside were greeting Soma with the meekness of a new bride.

She whispered to him, her voice only audible to him.

"I’d forgotten what kind of person my brother is. You really are someone extraordinary."

The Evil Smiling Demon, being a man, didn’t mind hearing such words.

"I should hang a mask of my brother in front of the Sky Flower Pavilion. You lot, just try to cause trouble after drinking!"

Soma merely smiled in response to her joke. He was usually a man of few words, so she didn’t mind the lack of response.

“I’m so nervous right now. That building is really unique. Are there martial artists laying in ambush over there?” She babbled about all sorts of things, but ended with one last comment.

"I’m sorry for coming here without notice."

She had been speaking without expecting responses, but the Evil Smiling Demon replied to this particular comment.

"It’s okay."

Then he added something he would never have said under normal circumstances.

"I was planning to bring you here someday anyway." 3

Because Soma was typically so reticent, every word he spoke moved her deeply.

As they continued, the two arrived at the Valley of Wicked.

The sight that greeted them at the entrance took Yeo Jeong by surprise.

Countless Faceless Swordsmen stood lined up in formation.

Hearing the news that the Evil Smiling Demon had recovered and was returning, everyone had gathered. They all wore white masks, and every mask was smiling. It was a fearsome yet majestic sight. It was only today that she realized Soma had so many subordinates.

As the two walked past, the nearby Faceless Swordsmen bowed their heads. The greetings from the Faceless Swordsmen rippled like waves, continuously extending. They were fervently welcoming the Evil Smiling Demon’s safe return.

The Sky Flower Pavilion Mistress felt a mix of fear and excitement. The gazes directed at her were filled with both respect and curiosity, recognizing her as the leader's woman.

This was the first time Soma had brought a woman to the Valley of Wicked.

She sensed that, from this moment on, her fate and her relationship with the Evil Smiling Demon would change. 4

She whispered a question to him.

"But how do you recognize each other? They’re all wearing masks."

"You might not be able to tell, but we can recognize each other."

"That’s amazing."

Upon hearing that, she noticed that each mask seemed to have slight variations in design. Some had unique patterns or were painted in different colors.

After walking for quite some time, they arrived at his quarters.

Yeo Jeong was stunned when she entered Soma’s room. She hadn’t expected it to be a room with white walls all around.

She touched one of the white walls and said, "It’s such a pristine room."

"You might find it uncomfortable to stay here."

She would have endured anything as long as she was with her brother, but seeing a room without a single piece of furniture somehow pained her.

"Do you sleep here?"

She hoped not, but the Evil Smiling Demon nodded.

"There’s no bed."

"I only lie down to sleep when I’m at the Sky Flower Pavilion."

"Oh!"

Soma loved resting his head on her lap. But here in the Demonic Cult, he lived in such a place. She had imagined him resting on a grand and luxurious bed.

Then the Evil Smiling Demon said something unexpected.

"Why not take this opportunity to fully realize your dream?"

The Sky Flower Pavilion Mistress was startled by his words. Her dream was to become the Empress of the Night, establishing her courtesan houses throughout the Central Plains.

"With Lü Bugai gone and a power vacuum now, it’s your chance."

Soma was implying that he would support her. It was undoubtedly an opportunity, and Yeo Jeong was not one to let such an opportunity slip by.

"Yes, I’ll give it a try."

They nodded at each other. She knew well that the Evil Smiling Demon was thorough and rational when it came to business.

The Sky Flower Pavilion Mistress achieving her dream would greatly benefit Evil Smiling Demon as well.

To control the night meant to control information. Secrets inevitably lost their power in the presence of alcohol and beautiful women.

This time, Yeo Jeong asked about the line drawn on the wall.

"What’s that line over there?"

It was a line he had drawn with Geom Mugeuk. It was the only thing that stood out in the white room, so she had been holding back her curiosity from the start.

"It’s the line of my life."

It was an answer she could never understand, but the look in Soma’s eyes as he gazed at the line was more content than ever.

The Sky Flower Pavilion Mistress stood beside the Evil Smiling Demon and rested her head on his shoulder.

"I guess that’s why it’s drawn so splendidly."

*         *         *

When they returned to the residence, Lee Ahn was waiting in the yard.

"What are you doing here?"

"What do you think? I’m waiting for our sleepyhead young master."

"How did you know when I’d be back?"

"I was going to wait until you showed up."

He had heard from the Demon Doctor that she came crying her eyes out while he was asleep in the clinic. It was evident from her face how much she had worried and why she was here now.

"Have you eaten? You look very pale."

And it seemed she had cried again afterward; her eyes were swollen.

"You were starting to look a bit prettier, but now you’re back to looking a mess."

"I managed to get by just fine looking ten times worse than this."

"Let’s go, I’ll buy you something tasty. Today, let’s empty the Flowing Wind Tavern together!"

"I have something to tell you."

"Tell me on the way. I’m starving."

I started walking ahead, and Lee Ahn followed behind.

As she trailed closely like a shadow, she suddenly blurted out, "From now on, take me with you. I’ll be your escort again."

I kept walking and replied, "Alright."

"I’m serious, not joking."

"I know."

When I answered too readily, Lee Ahn quickly ran forward and stared intently at my face.

"Really?"

"Yes."

She was about to jump for joy when she hesitated and asked cautiously, "There’s a catch, isn’t there?"

"Of course."

"What’s the catch?"

"You can only escort me when you achieve Twelve Star Greatness in the Soaring Sword Art." 5

Lee Ahn’s face showed disappointment as if she had expected as much.

"I haven’t even reached the basic level of greatness yet. When am I supposed to reach Twelve Star Greatness? I might not achieve it even by the time I die of old age."

"Otherwise, I’d have to carry you on my back too, wouldn’t I?"

"!"

Knowing exactly what that meant, she couldn’t keep insisting. If the Evil Smiling Demon ended up in such a life-threatening situation, even mastering the Twelve Star Greatness wouldn’t necessarily help.

"Stop getting stronger already!"

"The correct answer is, 'I'll get even stronger!' my dear Haunted Shade Corps’s leader."

With that, we arrived at the Flowing Wind Tavern in Maga Village.

"Greetings, Pavilion Leader! It's been a long time!"  

Jo Chunbae greeted me in his usual manner.

"How have you been, owner?"

"Oh, just the same as always. I heard you've been quite busy lately."

"Even amidst all that busyness, I found myself craving the owner's cooking. Make me all of my favorites."

Leaving Jo Chunbae, who happily headed towards the kitchen humming, I went up to our spot on the second floor.

"Did you know? The owner always keeps this spot reserved."

"For us?"

"Yes. He keeps it open so we can sit here whenever we come by."

"We don’t come that often. Isn't it a loss for him?"

"No, apparently, word has gotten around that this is where the Second Young Master, the Demon Supremes and even the Heavenly Demon have sat, and now customers come by just to see the spot. Business is booming because of it." 6

Lee Ahn lowered her voice and whispered, "Do you think the owner planned it that way?"

"Knowing how shrewd he is, maybe so."

Lee Ahn and I laughed at the same time. When she worried, and when she laughed like this, it was almost as if she were a completely different person.

Either way, seeing Lee Ahn's smiling face made me feel like I was truly back in the Cult.

"How are things going with the Haunted Shade Corps?"

"Cheong Myeon is meeting with some people. He says they're trustworthy. Things are progressing so smoothly that it's making me anxious."

"About what?"

"I'm the leader, but I've barely met anyone. The only person I knew was you. Can I really handle my role as the leader properly?"

"If you could handle dealing with me, who couldn't you handle?" 7

"Oh, is that how it is?"

Just then, Jo Chunbae came up with drinks and snacks.

"Owner, it’s been a while. Have a drink with us."

"No, please, continue your conversation."

As always, Jo Chunbae tried to decline, but I pulled him by his sleeve and made him sit down.

"Just one drink."

“Oh dear, I really shouldn't... But thank you, Pavilion Leader.”

Jo Chunbae accepted my drink.

"This spot has become a famous attraction, you say?"

"Somehow it ended up that way. All thanks to you, Pavilion Leader."

"Next time my father or the Demon Supremes come by, I’ll tell them to leave some martial arts marks on the walls."

"Martial arts marks?"

"Wouldn’t that give visitors something interesting to see? Imagine the Evil Smiling Demon making a hole in the wall with his Blood Disaster Finger next to marks left by my father. And we could have Elder Blade Demon write a poem on this table." 8

Jo Chunbae waved his hands dismissively as if it were an absurd idea.

"How could I ask such distinguished people for such a favor? Besides, I wouldn’t be able to sleep, worrying someone might tear down the walls or damage the table. Now, please enjoy your meal." 9

Jo Chunbae quickly got up and headed downstairs. Even though he dismissed it as impossible, he looked quite pleased on his way down, probably enjoying the thought.

I leaned in and spoke softly to Lee Ahn.

"If you ever feel unsure about dealing with people, asking the owner here could help."

There was no one better than Jo Chunbae, who had dealt with all kinds of people in his life, to understand human relationships.

"I’ll keep that in mind."

Together with Lee Ahn, I drank and ate. It had been a long time since I last tasted Jo Chunbae’s cooking, and it was a flavor I had dearly missed.

"Go out with Cheong Myeon. Meet with Advisor Go and Jeong Dae. Also, recruit some martial artists for the Haunted Shade Corps."

It was time to let her out of the greenhouse.

"By the way, soon, my father will select his successor."

Lee Ahn was startled by my words. She knew better than anyone how significant this was in my life, and how much effort I was putting into it.

"Do you have a strategy?"

"I have something in mind, but I can’t be sure it’ll work out as planned."

"What kind of strategy?"

"If I had to give it a name…"

I downed my drink and said,

"Let’s call it Operation Golden Strike." 10

1 : Transforming this empty memorial into a study full of life is a good thing. It will allow him to sense his family presence while working. He will have a lot of things to narrate to them on the other side.

2 : Nah, it’s much too easy to get consumed by your grief. Your father is surely happy to see you finally at peace rather than resentful of your decades-long obsession.

3 : Aaaaaawwwww, cuuuuute~~~ ^ ^

4 : Can you imagine him taking care of their child while still wearing his mask ? I find it weirdly cute XDXDXD

5 : On one hand, I want to say he’s too overprotective, on the other, his last fight was with the right hand of the Unorthodox Alliance, and Soma almost didn’t make it. So yeah, she’s not ready yet.

6 : Lol, a tourist spot XDXDXD Good thing for the owner ^ ^. In fact, suspiciously so, did he seriously spread the rumors himself ? XDXDXD

7 : True, true ^ ^ Even the Demon Supremes can't handle a mischievous Geom Mugeuk ^ ^

8 : Then we can have a bottle signed by the Drunken Demon, a flower groomed by the One Slash Sword Supreme, and a clay mask of the Fist Demon King ^ ^  Sadly, anything made by the Poison King would make all the clients flee XDXDXD

9 : True, people are shameless. So many petty thieves in the world….

10 : Lol, call it Golden Eye instead ^ ^  *James Bond INTENSIFIES* XDXDXD