Translator: FenrirTL

Editor/Quality Checker: Saphartlantis

Murim Term Consultant: Kopke

========================

Chapter 246: Now Leave That Narrow and Stifling Place

"I want to play some more."

At Geom Mugeuk's words, the Demonic Buddha nodded.

"Then play some more."

Ma Bul was putting all his hopes on changing Geom Mugeuk's mind.

"But let's get out of here. I don’t want to wander around a place crawling with poisonous insects without the Poison King."

"Sure."

Geom Mugeuk and the Demonic Buddha turned back the way they had come.

After the Poison King left, Ma Bul's face looked noticeably more at ease. It seemed that he too found the Poison King uncomfortable.

"Thank you."

"For what?"

"For coming all the way here to find me."

"I heard you’ve been having a tough time lately."

"I’ve been swimming for the first time in a while and taking a stroll. I feel much better now. How about you, Demonic Buddha?"

"I enjoyed it too."

However, his mood wasn’t as good as he let on. When the Poison King also declared his support for Geom Mugeuk, the Demonic Buddha felt even more urgent. Now, there was only one way left—to change the mind of Geom Mugeuk himself.

"They say that those who know how to have fun really know how to play, and I wanted to have a good time with you today, Ma Bul, but it’s not as easy as I thought."

At Geom Mugeuk’s honest words, the Demonic Buddha responded.

"You’re young, so it might feel like you have to be doing something to have fun, but when you get older, resting is the fun."

Ma Bul paused for a moment and looked up at the sky.

"It’s been a long time since I’ve rested like this."

You could tell that the Demonic Buddha was someone who lived in a constant state of tension, just from the way he took this brief moment to look at the sky, as if coming up for air from the depths of the sea. Back then, when he was spouting venom next to his brother, he seemed like just another spiteful Demon Supreme...

"Elder Blade Demon always tells me, 'If it gets too hard, take a break.'"

Ma Bullooked at Geom Mugeuk and asked.

"Do I look like I’m struggling?"

Then came an unexpected reply.

"When I look at you, Demonic Buddha, I feel like you’ve lived more earnestly than anyone."

It wasn’t flattery; it was genuine.

"You’ve worked hard all this time."

Although the Demonic Buddha might dismiss it as flattery.

This is what Geom Mugeuk has been trying to hold onto lately.

If there was something to say to someone, don’t put it off—say it.

Ma Bul, too, must have wished that someone would genuinely acknowledge his hardships, and Geom Mugeuk expressed it in just that way.

You’ve gone through a lot, Demonic Buddha.

The Demonic Buddha felt it. He sensed that the sincerity in Geom Mugeuk's gaze was real.

Though he tried hard not to show his emotions, an intense feeling flickered in his eyes.

‘Damn it!’

How could someone so young have such a profound gaze when looking at people?

Ma BUl was the first to start walking again, and Geom Mugeuk quietly followed behind.

The two of them walked in silence for a while before stopping at a scenic spot.

"Let's take a short break here."

"Sure."

Geom Mugeuk dipped his feet into the clear, flowing stream.

"This feels so refreshing. You should try dipping your feet too, Demonic Buddha."

"Aren’t you afraid?"

"Of what?"

"They say the Thousand Poisons Forest is full of all kinds of poisonous creatures. How do you know what's in that stream?"

"I heard from the Poison King before. He said that there are no poisonous creatures in flowing streams. Come on in."

"No, I’m fine."

"When was the last time you dipped your feet in a stream?"

The Demonic Buddha couldn't remember. Other than when he was very young, had he ever done it? Could it be that he never had?

"This is my wish! Just once, join me."

"Is your wish list really that empty?"

"I plan to brag about it later. You know, back in the day, I dipped my feet in the stream, went for walks, and even had bets finding poisonous herbs with the Demonic Buddha. I did it all."

Ma Bul laughed with a look of disbelief.

"These feet that usually wade through pools of blood deserve to enjoy some luxury once in a while."

When Geom Mugeuk pulled him along insistently, he relented, took off his shoes, and dipped his feet into the stream. His feet were small and glistening.

"I guess I’m experiencing all sorts of things in life."

The same went for the Poison King, who had once called it the strangest of experiences.

"Feels nice and cool, doesn’t it?"

The Demonic Buddha stared intently at Geom Mugeuk.

"Why are you looking at me like that?"

"Sometimes you don’t seem like a young person."

"It’s because I grew up always watching my father’s moods. You know how my father is."

"He's not an easy man."

Father is like a cure-all. If it’s hard to explain something, you can just blame it on father, and people will somewhat understand. 1

"When was the most enjoyable time in your life, Demonic Buddha?"

At Geom Mugeuk's question, Ma Bul paused to think.

When was it?

The years of his past flowed through his mind like the stream his feet were soaking in. But pleasant memories were hard to recall. Surely, there had to be some.

Instead of answering, the Demonic Buddha turned the question back to Geom Mugeuk.

"And you?"

"I’ve had several moments recently. As you know, I’ve been running around quite a bit. But if I had to pick one, it would be when I went hunting with my father."

Was that really the only enjoyable moment? Of course not. However, Geom Mugeuk chose not to share his experiences with the Demon Supremes or Lee Ahn.

"What did the Cult Leader say when you went hunting?"

"He always mocks me whenever I talk about it. You know that, right?"

Geom Mugeuk mimicked his father’s mocking expression, and Ma Bul nodded.

"That’s pretty spot on."

"I've been mocked so often that I can imitate it perfectly now."

Still unable to recall a joyful moment, the Demonic Buddha listened as Geom Mugeuk came up with more instances of his own happiness.

"I had fun pretending to be someone else when I left the cult. Oh, and there's my right-hand man, Investigator Seo. It’s always fun to mess with him. You know the type? Someone who takes all the teasing, not because they’re a fool, but because they have a big heart. Oh, there's also Lee Ahn, the prettiest subordinate in the entire world. Not only is she beautiful, but she's also smart and kind-hearted. Just thinking about her brings me joy. And… I enjoy the quiet moments when I’m alone too." 2

Despite the length of the conversation, the Demonic Buddha still couldn’t think of anything.

"What about you, Demonic Buddha?"

"I’m fine."

"No matter how happy you were, if you can’t remember it, it just passes you by, doesn’t it? Isn’t that such a waste? So try to think of just one small thing."

Geom Mugeuk was persistent.

"If it were me, I’d just answer something, even if only to avoid the hassle."

It was then that Ma Bul suddenly blurted out.

"The cave."

He remembered his distant childhood.

"There was a small mountain behind my house that I used to climb often as a child. There was a little cave up there. I felt good whenever I was inside that cave."

The Demonic Buddha’s gaze deepened.

He had always been small for his age and was different from other kids. He could tolerate being teased and ostracized by his peers. However, the fact that even his parents and siblings treated him no differently from others left a deep scar on his heart.

The day he discovered the cave was the first time he had been hit by his younger brother. He was so small that he couldn’t even stand up to a sibling several years younger than him. What stung more than the beating was that his older brothers who were watching didn’t intervene.

Crying, he wandered alone in the mountains.

That was when he found the cave. Because of his small size, he was able to enter. The entrance was too narrow for even kids, but the Demonic Buddha managed to get in. Inside, there was just enough space for the young Demonic Buddha to sit, and a crack allowed him to see outside.

Being there made him feel calm and reassured.

From that day on, the cave became his refuge.

"I have a good memory of being in that cave."

Geom Mugeuk felt a pang of sympathy. To recall a joyful moment, the Demonic Buddha had to go all the way back to his childhood?

"Can you describe the cave and the surrounding scenery in more detail?"

"Why?"

"Just because."

After Ma Bul gave a rough description, Geom Mugeuk kept asking questions, probing for more details. He didn’t stop until he had heard enough to draw a picture of the place in his mind.

"Why on earth did you ask about that?"

"Don't be surprised."

Snap!

The moment Geom Mugeuk snapped his fingers, the two of them found themselves standing in front of the cave.

The Demonic Buddha was stunned. It was the very cave from his childhood—the sanctuary he crawled into to hide from the world, his personal place of peace.

"Is this an illusion?"

His voice trembled. While he knew Geom Mugeuk's martial arts were extraordinary, he hadn't expected him to wield illusion techniques as well.

"This is a martial art called Temporal and Spatial Transference Technique."

Geom Mugeuk answered honestly, and Ma Bul asked in a shaky voice.

"Isn’t it the martial art of the Heavenly Wind Cult Leader?"

"Yes, it is."

"Ah!"

Having once been closest to Jeong Dae, he was familiar with the martial art.

"He taught you this technique?"

"Yes, other than him, only one Demon Supreme knows I learned this illusion art. Even my father doesn't know about it."

"!"

The Demonic Buddha was shocked.

"Why are you revealing such a secret to me?"

"I had to, to bring you to this cave."

At that, Ma Bul pulled his feet out of the stream and stood up abruptly.

"Young Master!"

He was truly furious.

"This is exactly what I worry about—your emotional nature! This impulsive sentimentality of yours, revealing such secrets to your enemy!"

Geom Mugeuk, still staring at the stream, replied calmly.

"Why do you see yourself as my enemy, Demonic Buddha?"

"!"

"You will be one of my Demon Supremes, just like the others."

Geom Mugeuk’s gaze slowly turned towards the Demonic Buddha.

Their eyes met in mid-air. Even though Geom Mugeuk was sitting and Ma Bul was standing, their eye level was almost the same.

The Demonic Buddha could see clearly. Geom Mugeuk's eyes were more resolute and intense than ever. The light-hearted Geom Mugeuk was gone, replaced by the one aspiring to be the next Heavenly Demon.

"Please become my Demon Supreme."

Hearing those words, the Demonic Buddha's heart surged. A mix of overwhelming emotions and a denial of Geom Mugeuk's words swirled inside him.

Geom Mugeuk continued calmly.

"That's right. There are Demon Supremes I favor more. There are those I respect as much as my parents or my master, those I regard as brothers or friends. Even earlier, I would have been happy to bark alongside the Poison King."

"Fine, but why? Even if you don’t see me as an enemy, as you say, among the Demon Supremes you cherish, I'd be at the bottom of the list. Why share this secret with me?"

Geom Mugeuk’s gaze drifted back to the two feet submerged in the stream.

Splash, splash.

Splashing his feet in the water like a child, Geom Mugeuk spoke calmly.

"To be honest, I don’t really know. Should I be telling you, ‘This is my winning move, Demonic Buddha!’ in a cool way? Or is it just the impulsive emotion you mentioned? Or maybe it’s respect for your loyalty to my brother."

Geom Mugeuk’s playful splashing came to a halt.

"Or is it just the cheap sentimentality my father always talks about, the kind that’s perfect for dying a foolish death? I’m not sure myself."

The Demonic Buddha spoke in a low voice.

"One day, you’ll make a big mistake because of these feelings."

"Then, at that time, please stop me, Ma Bul."

"!"

"I’m trying to become someone who can be that close to you. When I told you I cleaned the Poison King’s quarters, didn’t you tell me to choose my tasks more wisely? No, even if I become the Heavenly Demon, I’ll clean the rooms of the Demon Supremes if necessary. That’s the kind of Heavenly Demon I intend to be. So please, keep me in check when I get too emotional. Just say, 'Hey, you emotional Heavenly Demon!'" 3

After a brief pause, the Demonic Buddha refused.

"No, I won’t."

He remained steadfast in his loyalty to the Eldest Young Master.

The two fell silent for a moment.

Then, Ma Bul suddenly spoke.

"Enlarge the entrance to the cave. I want to go inside. Oh, and there was a small crack at the front of the cave where you could see the village below."

Geom Mugeuk adjusted the cave as the Demonic Buddha had described while the latter crawled inside.

"How is it?"

"Not great. It’s narrow and stifling; it’s hard to breathe."

What was so special about this suffocating cave that made him come here every day?

He gazed down at the village for a moment. Geom Mugeuk had crafted it so meticulously that even the smoke rising from cooking fires could be seen in the distance.

He used to sit there, watching the path leading from the cave to where Geom Mugeuk was now standing, hoping that his mother or brothers might come looking for him, calling him down for a meal. Of course, that hope had never been fulfilled, not even once. 4

One day, instead of descending the usual path, he went down the opposite side and left his hometown. He hadn’t returned since.

The Demonic Buddha peered through the narrow crack at Geom Mugeuk. Geom Mugeuk had turned around and was looking down at the village.

"When you think about it, I’m sure you’ve had plenty of joyful moments. Is it really okay if these old memories are the best you’ve got? Like the first time you learned martial arts, or the day you became a Demon Supreme. There must have been days when someone genuinely recognized you. And I bet there were even happier days you just don’t remember now. How was today? Wasn’t it enjoyable?"

A golden light shone through the narrow crack in the cave.

"Who on earth are you?"

Still with his back turned to him, Geom Mugeuk solemnly spoke.

"I am the one who will be your Heavenly Demon. So come out of that narrow and stifling place."

One might have expected the Demonic Buddha to respond with a sharp retort like, ‘Damn it, Young Master!’, but instead, he quietly emerged from the cave and sat down next to Geom Mugeuk. 5

For a moment, the two of them gazed down at the distant village. Then, as they looked up at the sky, they saw a bird flying overhead.

"Hey, it’s that same bird from back then. Hey you, I’m not envious of you at all now!" Geom Mugeuk shouted loudly to the sky.

Hearing this, the Demonic Buddha couldn’t help but think that if there was ever a time to find a better description than ‘crazy’, it was now.

Geom Mugeuk lay back on the ground.

"I’m going to lie down for a bit."

A large, fluffy white cloud drifted across the blue sky.

"Look at that cloud. I made this, but doesn’t it look amazing? Ah, this is great."

Recently, the Demonic Buddha had looked up at the sky many times with Geom Mugeuk, but this moment felt the most relaxed. He sensed that the constant tension that always surrounded Ma Bul was easing.

Yes, this was enough. That feeling of relaxation was enough.

Geom Mugeuk wasn’t doing this to secure his position as the successor. He simply cherished the Demonic Buddha because he wanted him to be one of his Demon Supremes.

He only hoped that his feelings would reach him.

And at that moment, Ma Bul also slowly lay back.

Resting his head on his arms, he looked up at the sky.

Then he slowly closed his eyes.

He remembered lying here as a child, staring at the sky. The feeling of the grass tickling his back, the sound of birds, the babbling of the stream. The ants crawling over his feet. These memories blended vividly with his current sensations.

As Geom Mugeuk watched the faint smile form on the Demonic Buddha's lips, he too closed his eyes with a peaceful heart.

A cool breeze blew, and sleep gently approached them.

1 : Lol, those false accusations… The day his father learn of them, it will be glorious XDXDXD

2 : Hwa Moogi, hurry up and get killed so that our ship can sail ^ ^

3 : There are so many ways of being the Heavenly Demon… Suicide Regressor, Chronicles of the Heavenly Demon, Childhood Friend of the Zenith, Ruler of the Land… And I’m not counting all the transmigrated or system users XDXDXD

4 : Clearly, they don’t deserve to be called a good family. Teasing family members a bit is okay, but to not even worry when they disappear for hours or even days ? *smh*

5 : Personally, I expected him to blow up the wall of the cave, with the golden light and all that. Shame, that would have been cool XDXDXD