Translator: FenrirTL

Editor/Quality Checker: Saphartlantis

Murim Term Consultant: Kopke

========================

Chapter 257: If You’re Human, You Must Die

"Investigator Seo was amazing."

Lee Ahn said as we walked back to my place together. I was taking her to show her my new residence after becoming the Young Cult Leader.

"I seem like a completely different person compared to when I first met you."

"You’ve worked hard during that time."

Since Lee Ahn is someone who would feel slighted if not given recognition for her efforts, I added a remark for her.

"But don't start thinking you need to try harder. You're already overdoing it with your efforts."

"I refuse. I won’t just try moderately hard; I’ll work hard enough to overflow, not just spill a little."

I had a sense of what Lee Ahn was thinking. She might be feeling as if everyone was advancing ahead of her while she was getting left behind.

"I'm sorry."

"For what?"

        

"For not visiting your new place until now. If it were the old me, I would’ve visited on the very first day you moved."

She seemed to feel guilty for the delay. Her already drooped shoulders sagged even more.

"If that's how we're measuring it, then I'm guilty too. I didn’t invite you over to the new house either, did I?"

"But you've been busy."

"You’ve been busier than me. What’s more important, a house tour or our work? The answer’s obvious, so there’s no need to feel bad."

I led her into my home. The sheer size of the place surprised her.

"Wow! It's really big."

"Of course! After all this is the residence of the Young Cult Leader of the Divine Cult!"

Passing servants respectfully greeted me and Lee Ahn. She acknowledged their greetings with a smile.

When she entered my room, she was even more taken aback.

"This is completely different from the kind of room I imagined."

The room had a wall of bookshelves, a large bed with pristine white sheets, and a desk with a chair by the sunlit window. It seemed different from what she had expected.

"This isn’t your taste, is it?"

"This is my taste."

"I never knew. You should've told me."

Before my regression, I didn’t have any preferences.

Whether the bed was big or small, whether there was a bookshelf or a wardrobe, I didn’t care. My only concern was becoming the successor.

That’s why I drifted away from being the successor. I didn’t notice anything. I didn’t even see people properly, let alone care about what was in my room.

At that time, I thought I was passionate, but looking back, maybe I was just running away into that passion.

"There are so many books."

She was drawn to the bookshelf first.

"Now that I’m the Young Cult Leader, I need to look knowledgeable."

"This book is really thick."

"Don’t pull it out! That one’s for decoration. It’s a pain to put it back."

"It won't come out even if I want to pull it. A book you have to use inner strength just to remove!" 1

She inspected another bookshelf.

"There are a lot of Elder Blade Demon’s books here, right?"

At one time, she had to borrow books from Gu Cheonpa and had never stopped since then.

"Yeah. I copied all the books from his collection and filled the shelves with the same ones. He’s well-versed in books, after all."

She pulled out a book from another shelf and looked at it closely.

"There's a book like this too."

The book she was holding was titled ‘Escape from Heavenly Net’.

"Have you read it?"

I nodded in response.

"Yeah, I've read it."

"Do you think it would work, following the book's instructions?"

"I didn’t read it to escape. I read it to prevent people from escaping."

She laughed at my response.

"Of course, you're someone who can activate the Heavenly Net, but as for me, I might get trapped in the Martial Alliance’s Heavenly Net, so lend me this book."

"Take it, as much as you like."

"And this one too, please."

She selected a few more books. She used to read mostly poetry collections, but the ones she picked now were all survival guides for the martial world.

"Do you still read books?"

"I try to read for at least one quarter-hour before bed, even if it’s just a little. I need to gain indirect experience, at least this way."

It seemed she was still worried about becoming a frog in the well, trapped in her own small world.

"Lee Ahn."

"Yes?"

She turned to face me.

"You think having a lot of life experience is better, don’t you?"

"Of course. Isn’t it?"

She opened her eyes wide in curiosity.

"You're right. People with a lot of experience do seem impressive and dependable in some way. They have insight, and they can offer new lessons and experiences to those around them. But to get to that point, it means they’ve gone through all sorts of dirty, painful things. They've experienced betrayal, hit rock bottom with people, and sometimes even harbor distrust and hatred towards humanity. Do you think that kind of experience is always a good thing in someone's life?"

Before my regression, I went through a lot. Sure, it made me stronger and kept me alive.

But so what? Could I really say that my life was better than Lee Ahn’s, who had walked the steady path of a martial protector? Maybe I had a better chance of surviving if thrown into chaos, but that doesn’t mean my life was better.

"What I’m saying is, you don’t need to regret the life you’ve lived, walking a single path diligently. You don’t have to carry all those painful events wrapped in the name of ‘experience.’ You can fight without them, and you can win without them. I believe in this — the life of hard work you’ve lived will protect you in ways more powerful than any experience."

I reached out my hand, and a poetry collection slid smoothly out of the shelf.

The floating book gently flew toward her.

“So, read what you want to as well.”

I had noticed her glance at that book twice.

Lee Ahn slowly approached me, staring intently, and said, "There really must be something to bloodlines."

I looked at her with a matching serious expression. Embarrassed, she quickly averted her eyes and tried to change the subject.

“This bed is really spacious and comfortable, isn’t it?”

“If you’re curious, go ahead and lie down.”

“As if I could dare lie on the Young Cult Leader's bed! Is that what you expected me to say?”

She threw herself onto the bed. 2

But instead of landing, her body floated above it.

“You can’t just lay down with clothes you’ve worn outside! Now I understand why old man Blade is so naggy about that.”

I gently floated her back to where she had been. Sitting at the edge of the bed, she spoke seriously.

“I’ve selected five people to join the Haunted Shade Corps recently. I considered both their character and abilities. Just like you said, instead of focusing on numbers, I’m aiming for an elite organization.”

“You're doing well.”

“Oh, and tomorrow, I’ll be heading out with Cheong Myeon and his subordinates. We’re going to recruit more people to join the Haunted Shade Corps. I was supposed to leave earlier, but I delayed my departure to attend the Underworld Pavilion Lord’s appointment ceremony. While I’m out, I’ll also meet with Advisor Go and Jeong Dae.”

She was truly stepping into the martial world now.

Sensing the concern in my eyes, she smiled and said, “Don’t worry. I’ve got nine lives, remember?”

“Come back stronger!”

She stood up and gave a polite fist salute.

“Yes, Young Cult Leader!”

*         *         *

I immersed myself in martial arts training.

This was the most dedicated I had been to training, both before and after my regression.

Knowing I was absorbed in training, Father kindly postponed all internal sect events.

Nine Calamities Demon Art and the Heavenly Time Secret Art.

They were techniques that demanded absolute dedication.

The more I trained in the Heavenly Time Secret Art, the more I felt there was a time difference between the external and internal spaces of the Temporal and Spatial Transference Technique.

However, the difference was still so subtle that I wasn’t at the point where I could use the Heavenly Time Secret Art for actual training.

I’d use the Temporal and Spatial Transference Technique, then the Heavenly Time Secret Art, and train inside that space.

It felt like my internal energy was overlapping threefold.

But since the time difference between the external and internal spaces wasn’t yet significant, the recovery time for my internal energy took longer than the benefits I gained from the training.

My mind was eager, but I didn’t rush. This wasn’t martial arts that could be mastered overnight, and the key to training is consistency. Repetition after repetition. Eventually, I would find myself reaching the next level.

Next was Nine Calamities Demon Art.

Once I grew accustomed to the mental cultivation method of the Nine Calamities Demon Art, I began training in earnest with the First Technique. It was a complex and profound martial art, but I slowly advanced, carefully analyzing the mnemonic formulas multiple times before acting on them.

Today, I intended to unleash the First Technique for the first time.

The First Technique of the Nine Calamities Demon Art: Human Annihilation Form.

The name itself signifies annihilation from the very first move—an implication that if you’re human, you must die, you will die.

I calmed my mind, staring at the wooden dummy standing in front of me. Once I felt ready in both body and mind, I drew my Black Demon Sword.

Slash!

The dummy’s head fell off in an instant. It was faster than the Azure Sky Form, the swift sword technique of the Soaring Sword Art.

So, was the First Technique a success? No, it was a failure.

I slowly approached the decapitated dummy to inspect it.

A faint sword mark was left on the dummy’s back. There were no marks on its left or right sides.

The Human Annihilation Form was supposed to send sword energy flying simultaneously from four directions—front, back, left, and right—upon its execution.

Imagine it.

In a single instant, sword energy doesn’t just fly from one direction but from four, each targeting a different spot. It’s not aimed at the same point either. Each strike comes from a different angle, aiming at distinct parts of the body.

The sword energy from the front targets the neck, from behind the back, from the left side the waist, and from the right side the legs.

However, so far, only the front strike had successfully reached its target. The sword energy from the other three directions hadn’t landed properly.

I closed my eyes for a moment and recalled the mnemonic formula.

After organizing my thoughts, I unleashed the sword energy at a new wooden dummy.

I checked the dummy again. This time, the back had been severed, while the neck remained untouched.

Despite repeated attempts, the First Technique didn’t work as intended. Something was missing.

Father had expressed his desire to see my interpretation of the Nine Calamities Demon Art.

At this rate, how could I possibly surpass his version of the Nine Calamities Demon Art? My only hope was the Heavenly Martial Body, but I wasn’t confident that I could wield a version stronger than Father’s.

As I racked my brain in frustration, I suddenly realized something.

The ambition to master a Nine Calamities Demon Art stronger than Father’s was, in fact, holding me back. Added to that ambition was the desire to earn Father’s approval, further weighing me down.

This wasn’t my way.

I immediately left the training hall.

*         *         *

When I entered the Heavenly Demon Pavilion, Father was standing with his hands behind his back, gazing out the window.

"Come up here."

"Yes."

I walked the Path of Blood and climbed the stairs to stand beside him. I always felt good when standing here, side by side, looking out at the cult grounds. Now that I was the Young Cult Leader, I stood alongside him, as his equal in position.

"The Thousand Poisons Forest has decided to double its production of poison."

"Why is that?"

Feigning ignorance, I asked. Father glanced at me. He likely already knew that I had some influence on this decision, given my recent interactions with the Poison King.

His gaze returned to the window, and after a brief silence, he spoke in a low voice.

"Do not provoke the Poison King. He is someone who could be the beginning and end of everything."

I understood what he meant. The Poison King had the potential to both start and end a war. Martial artists are particularly sensitive to poison. A lifetime of training could be ruined by a single drop of potent poison.

"I’ll keep that in mind."

Father turned to look at me again and asked, "Why did you come today?"

"I came because I have a favor to ask of you."

"What favor?"

"Please use the Human Annihilation Form on me."

Father flinched, surprised by my unexpected request.

"Have you finally become the successor just to throw your life away?"

"Of course not."

I opened my robe, revealing the Supreme Heavenly Silk I was wearing, along with the Ghost Protector Garment.

"I'm asking you to use just enough power so that I won’t die."

"Why?"

"I want to experience it firsthand to get a better grasp."

Normally, I should have learned much more from Father. But since he had expressed interest in seeing my own interpretation of the Nine Calamities Demon Art, he had only taught me the bare minimum. This was a request he could reasonably grant.

"Very well."

With Father’s permission, I stepped back, creating some distance between us.

There was no need for words like, ‘Are you ready? I’m coming now’.

The Heavenly Demon Sword was immediately drawn from Father’s hand.

Swish.

A faint, barely audible sound of wind.

In that instant, I was taken aback.

Four apparitions of fiends attacked from all directions at the same time.

Father’s Human Annihilation Form was not simply four streams of sword energy flying at once. It was a terrifying manifestation of four ghostly fiends, each wielding a sword, appearing simultaneously from the north, south, east, and west, swinging their blades with a malice that could freeze one’s very soul. 3

Kaang! Kaang!

I blocked two of the strikes, one grazed me, and the last hit me directly.

Thwack! Thud!

The sword energy clashed with my protective energy, sending me flying, rolling across the ground.

"Ugh!"

The pain was intense. Even though I had blocked the strike using the Supreme Heavenly Silk, the Ghost Protector Garment, and my protective energy, it felt like my back was about to snap.

It was only because Father had restrained his internal energy that I was still standing. If he had used his full strength, I might have died from just that one move. Even if I had survived, it would have left me with a critical injury.

This was my first time truly experiencing the terrifying power of the Nine Calamities Demon Art.

In that moment, one question came to mind.

“If my mastery of the Nine Calamities Demon Art advances, will the fiends also appear in my Human Annihilation Form?”

Father nodded.

“Similar, but different fiends will appear.”

Similar, but different.

Father was saying that, because I would interpret the Nine Calamities Demon Art differently, the fiends that manifested would also differ.

My heart began to race. Although the Heavenly Demon Soul was still a distant goal, I wanted to see even a glimpse of my own fiends through the Human Annihilation Form.

“Is that all?”

“It’s more than enough.”

As I rubbed my aching back, I turned to leave but asked Father another question.

“Have you named those fiends?”

A slight smirk appeared on Father’s face.

“The Poison King enjoys naming things. Since I’ve been spending time with him lately, I may have been influenced.”

I bowed respectfully and turned away.

The progress of my martial arts wasn’t just my own achievement. If my Human Annihilation Form differed from Father’s, he would also experience something new through my version of the Nine Calamities Demon Art. By influencing each other, we would both grow stronger.

At the end of the blood-stained path, I spoke to Father.

“I’ll bring four friends with me the next time I visit.”

1 : That’s…. Good training I guess XDXDXD

2 : How honest ^ ^ In more ways than one ^ ^

3 : Infuse them with meaning, huh….