Translator: FenrirTL

Editor/Quality Checker: Saphartlantis

Murim Term Consultant: Kopke

========================

Chapter 291: If That Scary Person is My Father-in-law?

“If Lee Ahn wishes, I told her I would become her father.”

At the Fist Demon King's bombshell declaration, everyone looked at Geom Mugeuk. They were curious to see how he would react.

Surprisingly, he merely blinked and didn't seem shocked.

“You're not surprised?” the Blood Heaven Blade Demon bewilderedly asked, and Geom Mugeuk also seemed perplexed by his own reaction.

“Now that you mention it, why am I not surprised?”

Why not? He must have said it just to tease Dan Woo-gang.

Geom Mugeuk looked back and forth between the Fist Demon King and Lee Ahn.

“A father and daughter that are polar opposites? Maybe that's why I'm not surprised?”

Had someone else said this, they might have needed to use the Heaven-Extinguishing Saber as a shield to save themselves, but even with Geom Mugeuk's teasing, Dan Woo-gang easily agreed. Even he thought they looked like complete opposites.

“Do you think anyone would believe it?”

“Do you believe it yourself, Master?”

The Blood Heaven Blade Demon chimed in, turning a serious question into a joke.

“They'd probably think she was kidnapped.”

The Fist Demon King nodded, as if agreeing.

Right then, Lee Ahn suddenly spoke.

“Father!”

All eyes turned to her in shock. The most surprised among them was Dan Woo-gang himself. Lee Ahn met his gaze and said:

“If someone like me is fine with you, please take me as your daughter.” 1

The Fist Demon King's eyes widened. It was the first time since meeting him that anyone had seen him so shocked.

“Would you be really okay with someone like me as your father?”

Uncharacteristically, his voice trembled. Dan Woo-gang, whose eyes wouldn’t blink even in the face of ten thousand enemies, had his voice trembling.

“You’re far too great for someone like me.”

Tears welled up in Lee Ahn’s eyes. The idea of someone so incredible becoming her father overwhelmed her with emotion. She was truly thankful to the point of tears.

Lee Ahn glanced at Geom Mugeuk, her eyes asking:

Is this really okay?

This was a spontaneous decision, and perhaps the most important one of her life. She had decided so quickly.

Is this really okay?

The smile on Geom Mugeuk’s face, bright and full, answered her question.

“Congratulations, Lee Ahn.”

After taking a deep breath, Lee Ahn asked the Fist Demon King again.

“Can I ask you one question?”

“As many as you like.”

“Why did you offer to take me as your daughter?”

Dan Woo-gang’s answer was simple.

“Because I’d like to have a daughter like you.” 2

It was the most satisfying answer Lee Ahn had ever heard.

She stood up and bowed deeply to the Fist Demon King.

“From now on, I’ll be in your care… Father.”

As she said the word “Father”, she was overwhelmed with emotion.

“This is the first time in my life… that I’ve ever said the word ‘Father’.”

She had never once called anyone “Dad” or “Mom” before.

She had resented her parents for abandoning her, tried to understand that they must have had their reasons, missed them, hated them, and attempted to forget them. She had vowed never to become a parent like them—or better yet, not to become a parent at all. She had resolved to live alone and die quietly. 3

The emotions she had kept buried for so long welled up, and tears flowed down her face.

Geom Mugeuk, Gu Cheonpa, and Dan Woo-gang watched her silently as her shoulders shook with sobs. They let her cry to her heart's content. The strongest people in the world stood there for a long time, quietly protecting her as she wept freely.

When her sobbing finally subsided, the Fist Demon King helped her to her feet.

Old man Blade looked at her tear-streaked face and joked, “Now that you’re all puffy and teary, you really do look like his daughter.”

Geom Mugeuk laughed heartily. Normally, the Blade Demon didn’t interfere in others' matters. But for some reason, he liked to joke and banter when it came to Dan Woo-gang. It was a sign of how well they got along and how much he liked him. Though he often complained about being an outcast at gatherings of the Demon Supremes.

The Fist Demon King’s powerful presence emanated as he looked at Lee Ahn.

“When we return to the Cult, I will officially announce that you are my daughter. From now on, as long as I live, no one in the martial world will dare to treat you carelessly.”

At his declaration, tears once again welled up in Lee Ahn’s eyes.

“This will be the last time I cry. I won’t cry anymore after this.” 4

She tried to smile through her tears, but they wouldn’t stop flowing.

The concept of "parents" had always been the source of her greatest pain. She had never wanted to speak about it to anyone, except Geom Mugeuk. But now, she would live her life proudly boasting about her father. “What does your father do? My father is the Fist Demon King!”

Gu Cheonpa, wearing a look of surprise, remarked, “When you first mentioned it, I thought it was a joke.”

Geom Mugeuk responded, “Master isn’t someone who would joke about something like this, is he?”

“A scary person like him as a father-in-law?”

“Indeed. Who could possibly handle such a father-in-law?”

Old man Blade shot Geom Mugeuk a look that clearly said, ‘I’m talking about you!’

Whether Geom Mugeuk noticed or not, he teased Lee Ahn, “Lee Ahn, what are you going to do now? You’re practically married off.”

Suddenly, Dan Woo-gang interjected, “You could always marry her, couldn’t you?”

At this, Lee Ahn quickly waved her hands in flustered protest.

“Please don’t say things like that. Young Master, don’t pay any attention to him.”

The Fist Demon King glared at Geom Mugeuk, waiting for a response.

“I like my food salty.”

“From now on, you’ll eat it bland!”

Oh, so that’s how you want to play it?

Geom Mugeuk smirked meaningfully and said, “Can you really handle being in-laws with the Heavenly Demon?”

At those words, Dan Woo-gang flinched. He had only been thinking about Lee Ahn, not realizing what that would entail. Geom Woojin was the one person in the world who could make him freeze up. Becoming in-laws with that Cult Leader? In-laws with the Heavenly Demon himself?

Lee Ahn, who had been listening, raised her hand, waving it frantically. “Excuse me! Over here! This bride who has no intention of getting married is right here!”

In the midst of this chaos, the Blood Heaven Blade Demon stroked his chin, imagining the future.

“If they really do get married, it’ll cause an uproar.” 5

*         *         *

Later that night, the Fist Demon King was alone in the backyard of the hidden house, practicing martial arts. He seemed to be using the training to clear his complicated thoughts.

His muscles, bared under the night sky, were as flawless as if painted by an artist.

“When will my body look like yours, Master?”

I, too, took off my shirt and stood beside him, practicing the Thunderous Asura Fist. The reason we practiced shirtless was to carefully observe the movement of every muscle during training.

It felt refreshing to train with him after such a long time.

Dan Woo-gang focused on making me repeat the Fifth Technique: Diamond Asura. This technique temporarily hardened the body like steel, providing protection and potentially saving one’s life in critical moments. I hoped that by combining Diamond Asura with the Heavenly Demon Body Protection Technique, I could experience the effects of Invincible Vajra for a brief time.

“Why are you making me focus so much on Diamond Asura?”

“Judging by the way things are going, it looks like you need to protect your own body first.” 6

With the existence of a mastermind behind the assassination of the Martial Alliance Leader confirmed, he concluded that even the Young Cult Leader couldn’t be too careful.

The Fist Demon King repeated the key principles of Diamond Asura. Some of it I had heard before, but there were also new aspects and perspectives I hadn’t considered before.

Whenever I didn’t understand something, I immediately asked, and my master explained with sincere patience.

“Alright, let’s see if you can endure this!”

“You’re not really going to punch me, are you?”

“Why wouldn’t I?”

Before I could finish processing his sentence, his fist came flying toward me.

Whoosh!

Boom!

Without even thinking to block, I was sent flying backward. But in that instant, the Heavenly Demon Body Protection Technique and Diamond Asura activated together, absorbing the impact. 7

When I walked back unharmed, the Fist Demon King looked genuinely pleased.

“Well done. Diamond Asura will save your life one day. Never neglect it.”

“I’ll remember that.”

After the intense training session ended, we sat side by side, catching our breath for a moment.

“Can I ask you something?” I inquired.

Even though I abruptly asked, Dan Woo-gang already knew what I was going to ask.

“Haven’t I already told you? I’d like to have a daughter like Lee Ahn.”

“I mean the real reason.”

After a brief pause, the Fist Demon King spoke.

“I never knew my parents either. So I understand more than anyone how that girl feels.”

It was the first time he had shared anything about his personal life before the arena.

“When I was young, I gritted my teeth and denied their existence. I didn’t even want to think about revenge because seeking revenge would mean acknowledging them. I tried my hardest to erase them completely from my life.”

“And now? Don’t you ever want to find your parents? Don’t you want to tell them, ‘I’ve done just fine without you’?”

Master shook his head with a faint, hollow expression.

“I wish I had even the slightest desire for such petty revenge.”

It sounded as though he had grown desolate, without even those kinds of emotions left.

“For someone like me to consider taking someone in as family…”

I was grateful that he was showing this human side of himself. It meant he trusted me enough to open up.

“No, you did the right thing.”

“Do you really think so?”

“I want Lee Ahn to be happy. And I believe that becoming your daughter will bring her the greatest happiness. It was a good decision for both her and you.” 8

A rare smile appeared on the Fist Demon King's usually fearsome face. I loved moments like this—the juxtaposition of a terrifying appearance and a genuine smile. At times like this, Dan Woo-gang looked quite admirable.

“Thank you for saying that.”

Who would have thought I’d ever have this kind of conversation with the Fist Demon King? Normally, he was a man of few words, but when the situation called for it, he could speak better than anyone.

“Things might get tough for you going forward.”

“Why?”

“You’ve never been a father before, right? What will you do if your daughter rebels?”

Dan Woo-gang raised his fist.

“Think that won’t work?”

“If it worked, people wouldn’t say that raising kids is much harder than becoming a Sword Immortal.”

He playfully lowered the fist he had raised. It felt slightly wrong to see that mighty fist fall so gently.

“Well, it’ll work somewhere else.”

“Where?”

“You’ll have the most beautiful daughter in the world. You’ll get plenty of chances to use that fist.”

Understanding the implication, the Fist Demon King clenched his large fist again with increased strength.

“That sounds fun.”

“It’ll be fun for you, Master. I’ll pray in advance for the souls of anyone who crosses you.”

Who could have predicted such a twist in life? Who would have imagined that Lee Ahn would become the Fist Demon King’s daughter?

“Maybe, Master, you really will be able to break down your cliff.”

At Geom Mugeuk's remark, Dan Woo-gang gave him a puzzled look.

“You mean the opposite?”

He probably thought, ‘How could someone this soft and compassionate destroy a cliff?’ 9

“People change, and so does their martial arts.”

The Fist Demon King mulled over my words.

“I have to change in order to break it?”

“Could you have ever imagined yourself taking someone in as a foster daughter?”

Dan Woo-gang slowly shook his head.

“You’ve already changed, Master. I believe that change will help you break through your previous limits.”

The Fist Demon King looked down at his fists and suddenly spoke.

“Perhaps, when there’s no longer a thunderous sound from my fists, I’ll be able to break the cliff.” 10

It was hard to imagine Thunderous Asura Fist without its signature thunderous roar.

But there was an even scarier thought— a silent fist that strikes without a sound and turns the world upside down!

As we pictured that, both Dan Woo-gang and I couldn’t sit still. We jumped to our feet and began throwing punches. Our training continued, relentless, until dawn.

*         *         *

The next day, it was time to say goodbye to everyone.

“I’ll head to the Jiangxi branch.”

Originally, the purpose of this outing was to visit both the Hunan and Jiangxi branches before returning to the Cult.

Until new clues about Hwa Moogi surfaced, I had to focus on living my life. No getting distracted or swayed. 11

“You’re going alone?”

“Yes. You two should return to the Cult. Oh, and tell the guards waiting along the way to return as well.”

“You’re going to leave behind the guards too?”

“This time, it’s an undercover inspection.”

Since I had gone to the Hunan branch with an entourage, this time, I planned to visit the Jiangxi branch discreetly. I just hoped the head of the Jiangxi branch wasn’t as corrupt as the head of the Hunan branch.

“Go ahead without me. And don’t think about using this old man anymore.”

The Blood Heaven Blade Demon said what he wanted and walked towards the door. As I watched him leave, I called out.

“Considering what we’ve accomplished by using you, I don’t think that’s possible!”

Don’t worry. If any of the Demon Supremes are needed again, I’ll call on others next time.

Then it was time to part ways with the Fist Demon King.

“Thank you for yesterday’s lesson.”

“Be careful.”

Dan Woo-gang also walked towards the door. Even though he had more to protect now, that massive back still filled the doorway, looking even more content than before.

After Gu Cheonpa and the Fist Demon King had left, Lee Ahn finally spoke her mind.

“I’m sorry.”

“For what?”

“For deciding such an important matter without discussing it with you first,” Lee Ahn said.

“You didn’t exactly plan it in advance, did you?”

“I should have at least asked for your opinion, even through a telepathic message, at that moment.”

She probably stayed up all night, feeling unsettled by it. But this is exactly why someone as kind as her should become my master’s daughter.

“That’s why you made the decision the way you did. You followed your instincts.”

“What if it was the wrong choice?”

“Then you’ll have to bear it. Endure the hardships of having a scary father.”

At the thought, Lee Ahn made a playful gesture, pretending to cradle her head in worry.

“He’s not just a scary father! He’s the scariest father in the world.”

“Relax, he’s only the second scariest. There’s a poor child standing before you whose father ranks number one.”

Lee Ahn laughed at my joke.

“Trust your instincts. Your martial arts, your heart—they’ll guide you well. The stronger you become, the better your instincts will serve you.”

“I’ll keep that in mind, Young Master.”

“I’ll see you back at the Cult later.”

“Take care.”

Just as she was about to leave, Lee Ahn paused at the door and turned back.

“To think I’m now the Fist Demon King’s daughter. I’ve come this far thanks to you, Young Master. I really appreciate it.”

“Lee Ahn, our journey might not have even truly started yet.”

She seemed stunned, unable to imagine what might lie beyond this point.

“How far are we going, exactly?”

“I don’t know that either.”

“It doesn’t sound like a joke anymore.”

“Because it isn’t.”

Killing Hwa Moogi isn’t the sole goal of my life. My true goal is to live this life happily. And to do that, I need to kill Hwa Moogi. But even after that, my life will go on—mine and the lives of those around me.

“You once told me, Young Master, to rest when things get tough.”

“I did.”

“You look really tired right now.”

It wasn’t just from the training we had done until dawn. Recently, I’d been consumed with thoughts, regrets and memories of Hwa Moogi, and it had taken its toll. No matter how much I tried to hide it, Lee Ahn could always sense and read my emotions.

I gave her a small smile and nodded.

“You’re right. I’ll take a break.”

And with that, she left as well.

I stood in the courtyard for a while, looking up at the sky. I try to make a habit of looking up whenever I have a moment. Every time I do, it feels like the sky is telling me: No matter how busy you are, don’t forget to look at me.

More than anyone, I understand how hard it becomes to even lift your head when life starts pushing you down. Like my life before my regression.

Back then, I only looked down at the ground. Only focused on what I could fill my pockets with. Only thought about how to kill my enemies. The sky must have been just as blue back then… but I never noticed it.

As I left the hidden house, I hoped this journey to Jiangxi would be a peaceful one.

So, villains, I beg you—please take a break too! Please! 12

1 : Bold and wholesome, that’s our Lee Ahn ^^

2 : 2 lonely people who want to become a family. A simple wish such as this is for the best, there is no need to overcomplicate things. As long as they make each other happier, why worry about the reactions of others ?

3 : Having parents abandoning you can and WILL shape a child's whole life. Depending on the environment they are raised in after that, they can turn to violence and crime, fall into crippling depression and drugs, or even repress all emotions and distance themselves from others to avoid being hurt again like that. Only with love can they be saved, and it’s not even guaranteed. Special thought to Temperance Brennan from Bones who fell into the last category. She got better ^^

4 : Well they’re still your marriage, your childrens and any eventual death among the main cast (let’s hope the last one never happens)

5 : Yup, and if Jin Haryeong decides to jump into the arena….. A magnificent chaos ^^

6 : He’s not wrong XDXDXD In fact, he should have focused on this technique first ^^

7 : Good, it seems it’s a passive, that will be a great help.

8 : I agree that she will be happy, but I think the greatest happiness still awaits her…. After beating up Hwa Moogi.

9 : Nah, by becoming a father, you gain the strength of destroying a thousand mountains and parting the seas. Better than Jesus !!! *angry crusaders noises* More seriously, good parents can do amazing things for their children. The story of a mother breaking through her limiter and lifting a car from her daughter is so famous that its origin is lost to time.

10 : The sound of thunder comes from breaking the sound barrier. A fist that goes so fast that the air displacement devours the sound before its very emission….. So coooool !!!! *begin to do push-ups on the spot*

11 : Plus getting stuck chasing ghosts will leave Hwa Moogi both time to push ahead and ruin the few years of ‘peace’ you have left. Preparations are important, yes, but not at the cost of your sanity and relationships.

12 : He needs vacation, he’s an overworked clerk rushing down the work everyone else left him with before going to a party. By the way, if that happens to you, that’s work harassment. Inform your superior, and the cops if that doesn’t work. Worst case ? Prepare evidence, grab a chair and go crazy for a bit. You might lose your job, but you’ll bring them down with you. Good luck.